Hi I am looking for a movie like Super Troopers
You should watch Police Academy
Is that a great one? I have never seen it. I have seen American Pie  . I mean American Pie
Yes Police Academy is very funny and so is Police Academy 2: Their First Assignment
It sounds like I need to check them out
yes you will enjoy them
I appreciate your time. I will need to check those out. Are there any others you would recommend?
yes Lethal Weapon
Thank you i will watch that too
and also Beverly Hills Cop
Thanks for the suggestions.
you are welcome . and also 48 Hrs.
thanks goodbye
Hello!
Hello!
What kind of movies do you like?
I am looking for a movie recommendation.   When I was younger I really enjoyed the A Nightmare on Elm Street
Oh, you like scary movies? . I recently watched Happy Death Day
I also enjoyed watching The Last House on the Left
It was really good for a new &quot;scary movie&quot;
I do enjoy some of the newer horror movies that I have seen as well.
I heard that A Quiet Place is good. It is still in theaters though.
I really liked the movie Annabelle
Me, too! . It was really creepy, but I thought it was good!
Or The Forest I saw while in theaters, this was a very good movie.  It had me on the edge of my seat for the whole show.
I'm not sure if I saw that one, I'll have to check into it. Sounds familiar, but not sure. Thank you for your suggestions!
Are there any comedies that you would suggest?
Sure! I like comedies a lot. I like movies like Hot Tub Time Machine and Super Troopers , but I also like Identity Thief and The Heat .
Wonderful! Thank you so much I think I am ready for movie night now.
No problem! Thank you, too! :)
Tell me what would you like to watch?
Easy A
Did you watch Avengers: Infinity War ? . Or The Black Panthers: Vanguard of the Revolution ? . i really liked it
No , I think I would like to watch Easy A . It's funny
But You already know what you want to watch . You should tell me what kind of movies you like . Did you watch Click ? . Do you like scary movies? . Did you watch It ?
Yes I like Adam sandler. The Waterboy is another good movie by him . I did not see the movie It
Yes i think so . i hope i have helped . good bye
i would like to watch any movie . Tell me any movie . Like Avengers: Infinity War
Have you seen The Avengers
i really enjoyed that one . Yes and i liked it . Which another one would you recommend me?
Do you like scary . Have you seen It
i watched Iron Man 2  and a liked it
Or Cabin by the Lake
No, i have not seen It . But i'll try . Thank you for helping me . Good bye
If you like superhero Ant-Man  is also a very good one . Goodbye
What kind of movies do you like . have you seen Avengers: Infinity War ? . or Spider-Man
Yes and i liked them . Those are awesome . I like that kind of movies
X-Men: First Class
i also watched Iron Man
those are good movies as well
No, i have not watched that one . i think i will try that one
X-Men: The Last Stand was another good xmen movie . okay thanks!
Oooh, so there are many . thanks . Good bye
Tell me what kind of movies do you like?
I like scary movies
did you watch Avengers: Infinity War
i did not but i want to
So, did you watch It ?
have you seen It
And It ?
no but i like the old one . yes i like that versio
Yes i have, that's why i told you
yes i like that version
and did you watch The Exorcist ? . That is very scary
It is very scary . ank you for the suggestions . goodbye
i hope i have helped . bye . good bye
I like to watch scary movies
tell me what kind of movie do you like? . Did you watch It ? . And It ?
I have seen the old one
Did you watch The Exorcist ?
i have not seen the new one . i do like the excorcist
Ok, you should watch the new one . Even though i would rather the old one . And did you watch The Last Exorcism ? . i hope i have helped
no I have not but it sounds scary! . thank you for the suggestions!
You should try them . your welcome . good bye
bye!
Tell me what kind of movies do you like?
I love to watch funny movies
Did you watch Click ?
yes, i love adam sandler
and The Mask ? . Yes he is very funny . Do you not like scary movies?
just watched the mask last night! there is a new one Son of the Mask . i like some scary movie
And did you watch You Don't Mess with the Zohan ? . Hahaha you enjoy those kind of movies!! . i hope i have helped
That one is the best! thanks for the help . goodbye!
good bye
Hello . me what kind of movies do you like?
I like all movies, what are your suggestions?
Did you watch Avengers: Infinity War ?
No heard it is very good
I can tell you to watch Click . Yes it is really good
I love Adam Sandler movies
You can watch too if you want to The Exorcist . But that is a scary one . i would recommend you Iron Man
Sounds scary but will have to check it out! . These are great suggestions
And also Spider-Man 3
Thank you!
Yes . I hope i have helped . Good bye . Enjoy them
Goodbye
What kind of movies do you like?
Hello . i open to any movie
have you seen Avengers: Infinity War
yes i liked that one . actually i want to watch it again . i also watch Iron Man
or the Spider-Man: Homecoming  was a goid one ot
i watched Spider-Man 3 the old one . i have not seen the new one
if you like scary movies It is pretty scary
but i will try . Yeah! . i liked that one too . thank you for helping me . i will have a good evening . good bye
hi
hello . i am open to any movie . Whatever you recommend . i watched Avengers: Infinity War and i liked it . i also liked Click . i like movies made by Adan Sandler . As Marvel movies too
My fav movie is The Big Lebowski
Do you mean The Big Lebowski ? . i have not seen it but i will try . i watched Iron Man and i really liked
Click was good
Yeah i enjoyed it . thank you for helping me . good bye
Ok
Hello
hi
i'm open to any movie . What would you recommend me? . i liked Avengers: Infinity War
The Big Lebowski is my fav
i also like scary movies . i watched The Big Lebowski
how about House of 1000 Corpses
i also watched It . NO, i have not seen that one . i guess i would try that one tomorrow . i also watched It  the old one . Which another one would you recommend me?
its by rob Zombie
A funny one . Like Click  by Adan Sandler
Blazing Saddles
I could enjoyed so much . No, i have not watched that one . Thank you for helping me . Good bye
you're the same person
Good bye
lol
Hello . i would like to see any movie yo recommend me . i am open to any movie
Are you looking for something older or newer?
i just watched Avengers: Infinity War  and i liked it . Whatever . I also like old movies . Like The Exorcist . i can not forget that  movie . i like scary movies too . like It the old one . i have not seen It the new one . i've heard is very good i do not know
How about the The sixth Battalion?
do you mean The Sixth Battalion ? . i have not seen it but it sounds awesome . Well, thank you for helping me . i'll try that one
Yes that is the movie I suggest.
good bye . remember to say good bye
Goodbye
help me with another conversation ;(
I like scary movies, can you make a suggestion?
Have you ever seen The Conjuring
not yet is it good
Yes very much so! . It is about paranormal activities but it was definitely scary
Can you make other paranoramal suggestions . or slasher films like Jason X are good to
I wasn't a big fan of Paranormal Activity . have you seen that at all?
oh yes and the sequel Paranormal Activity 2 . These are good suggestions though thank you!
absolutely, enjoy!
good bye
hello
Hi, I'm looking for a good docutmentary
i'm open to any movie
any suggestions?
Man, right now i'm the seeker the person who is looking for movies . so that means you are the person who recommend
my apologies
you can read that onto the chat . Don't worry man we are here to help . So i'm looking for any movies . i watched Click and i liked it
Have you seen Avengers: Infinity War
I like movies made by Adan Sandler . Yes and i liked it! . i also watched Iron Man . i like those kind of movies . i watched Spider-Man: Homecoming and it was awesome
My favorite Adam Sandler movie is definitely Billy Madison
Remember to say good bye at the end of this chat . And i wait for you in another chat ;) . Thank you very much
thank you, good bye
Good bye
hello
Hello, I am looking for some movie recommendations.  Do you have any Horror Movies that you could suggest for me?
I do! . have you ever seen The Conjuring ?
I have seen The Conjuring  I very much enjoyed this movie.  When I was younger I liked movies like Friday the 13th .
I liked that one too!
I also liked to watch the A Nightmare on Elm Street  Series.
I loved that as well . mainly because Johnny Depp is in it
I love Johnny Depp! So handsome, such a great actor. . I love johnny Depp in Alice in Wonderland .
Me too . one of my favorites from him is The Astronaut's Wife
I am not sure if I have ever seen that movie, I am going to have to check that one out.
It is very creepy and dark but full of suspense
Thinking of Johnny Depp have you ever seen the movie Secret Window ?  It is a story By the author Steven King.
I own it! I actually have a poster still on my door from it, it was really good . I love a good Steven King movie
His performance in that movie is phenomenal. . I am a huge fan of Steven King.  His novels help foster my love of reading and story telling. . Well thank you for talking with me.  I think I am ready for my movie night now.
excellent! I hope you enjoy . good bye
good bye.
Hello, I am looking for some movie suggestions.  What would you suggest?
Are you looking for movies currently in theatres?  I like A Quiet Place.
I want to have a movie night with friends.  I have not seen A Quiet Place but I think it looks really good.  I do love scary movies. . One of the best scary movies I have seen in recent years is The Forest , have you seen this one?
If you like recent scary movies, I might suggest Annabelle 2. . I have not seen The Forest . The Forest is a good suggestion for me
I have seen Annabelle 2  it was very good. I also very much enjoy watching an old movie like The Last House on the Left and then watching the remake The Last House on the Left . . It is very interesting to see what changes and what does not, to see the difference that all these years makes in the style of the movie.
I enjoyed House at the End of the Street but have not seen The Last House on the Left or The Last House on the Left.
How about a recommendation for a comedy.  After all these scary movies we will need something to lighten the mood at the end of the evening. . Maybe something classic like Uncle Buck
I like Death at a Funeral, the original British comedy.
Oh i have never seen that I will have to check it out.  Well I think I am ready for my movie night now.  Thank you so much.
Thanks, enjoy!
Good Bye
Hello, what type of movies do you like?
whatever . i just watched Avengers: Infinity War . i really liked
I have not seen Avengers: Infinity War
i also watched It . the new one i have not seen the old one It
Have you seen Annihilation?  I would recommend it.
i also liked Click . no, i have not seen . i think i will try that one . thank you for helping me
I saw It.  I like Click
good bye i'll see you in another chat ;)
Thanks!
hello
Hi there! I'm looking for bad campy movies like... me and my boyfriend are having a competition . Have you seen Miami Connection . i liked that one but I need something worse haha
a classic that I recommend is the movie the graduate, the soudtrank I liked a lot . 1967
That sounds good. I could go with a classic. Have you seen Troll 2 . I'm looking for a horrible movie. cheesy horror
Tuesday 13, . you like?
Of tuesday the 13th? haha no, is it horrible? I'll have to look it up . Oh did you mean Friday the 13th ? yeah i like it but i need something kinda not so scary just funny too you know
scary movie is funny, I liked it a lot
I think I'll go with Jennifer's Body he cant fight me on that one. And it has megan fox in it so he cant complain . I loved Scary Movie !! . thank you I'll go with that one! so hilarious
There are six movies, they are all fun
have a good day! and thanks again . awesome i will check them out. thank you again . have a good day thanks again for your help! goodbye
Hello, have you seen the new IT movie?
I have! I loved it.
How about the Sixth Sense? . I know it is older but it was good?
I feel like it was so much more intense than  It
I agree it was more intense then It(1988)
I think I've seen the The Sixth Sense  but its been ages ago
What kind of movie are you looking for now?
I just finished seeing Black Panther  and loved the action. But I'm all caught up on the marvel movies now.
Might I suggest you go back and watch the movie Sixth Sense since you cannot remember if you saw it?
I think that would be an excellent idea, Bruce Willis is one of my favorite actors. Honestly, thinking about it now I'm pretty sure I was thinking of The Fifth Element  earlier.
I love Bruce Willis too and can watch the movie over and over.
Right!? I can't tell you how many times I've rewatched Die Hard  and still enjoy it just a much.
Oh yes, one of my favorites. I hope you enjoy Sixth Sense (1999) even if you have seen it.
Thank you for the recommendation, I'll definitely have to watch it this week!
Great. Good bye my friend.
Hello, I heard that you are looking for a movie recommendation.  What sort of movies are you into?
I like comedies and movies that have really cool cinemotography . I like 2001: A Space Odyssey . Tangerine . And i watched Enter the Void last night and it was pretty good
I have never seen either of those movies.  do you like comedies like The Waterboy  or something like Black Sheep.
Yeah i like The Waterboy adam sandler is so silly . i like absurdist humor
Yes Adam Sandler has made so many great movies, I even like his newer ones like Click and Grown Ups .
Little Nicky is my favorite
I love the movie Little Nicky  an all time favorite . Is there anything else I could assist with today?
nah it was nice talking to you!
Thank you! Have a great day Good bye.
Hello
hello!
i'm looking for any movie . i just watched Avengers: Infinity War  and i really liked . i also watched It  it was a little scary
i loved that movie actually haha.
but i think the old one It was better . so what would you recommend me?
I wanted it in theaters and wow. I just wanted Happy Death Day haha thats as scary as i can go
i have not seen it i think i will try
Creed is an awesome movie as well. I love boxing movies
i also watched Click and it was interesting . i like too! . thank you for helping me remember to say good bye . good bye! ;) . i see you later in another chat or i hope
Bye!
Hello can you tell me what kind of movies you like best?
hello . i'm the seeker now . you should recommend me any movie . I just watched Avengers: Infinity War  and i liked
I could recommend Donnie Darko .
That's great
I also enjoy classic horror movies like A Nightmare on Elm Street  and A Nightmare on Elm Street 2: Freddy's Revenge
i have not seen them . but i could try them . those sounds very interesting . i just watched It  the new one . Are those Scary movies too?
I love It  and It . Yes they are some classic scary movies.  I haven't watched it yet myself but I have heard great things about A Quiet Place .
Thank you for helping me . Remember to say good bye after this . You should try them ;) . good bye
You're very welcome have a great day.  Good bye
Tell me what would you like to watch? . i just watched Avengers: Infinity War . Have you seen it? . or do you like Scary movies? . have you ever seen Click ?
I like a lot of different movies.  Thinking about some comedies something like Billy Madison
have you ever seen You Don't Mess with the Zohan ? . that's is very interesting and funny . you should try them
Yes I have seen that Movie it is very funny
i also would recommend you American Pie 2 . There are many of those movies any of them are really awesome
I also like Big Daddy and The Waterboy .
Scary Movie is one of the best if funny movies you are talking about . Well, enjoy your evening good bye
These sound like some great movies to look into thank you, good bye.
hello
I am looking for a comedy movie.
Tell what kind of movie would you like to watch? . did you watch Click ? . i could recommend you American Pie
yes, I loved it. . American
i could recommend you too American Pie 2 . There are many of those movies
Im not sure if i saw american pie 2.
Have you ever seen Scary Movie ? . Well, you should try them
scary movie was good.  The first one atleast
You should watch You Don't Mess with the Zohan . i hope i have helped you
you did thanks
Have a good evening and enjoy those movies . good bye
Hello . i'm open to any movie
I like old school horror movies like A Nightmare on Elm Street have you ever seen this one?
What would you recommend me? . i have not seen them! . i think i should try those movies
The second one A Nightmare on Elm Street 2: Freddy's Revenge is great too.
i watched The Exorcist and it scared me
I love that movie.
so are there two movies? . haha, i would not say the same . i enjoyed It  the old one . i think the old one is better than the new one
There are more than two, A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors , A Nightmare on Elm Street 4: The Dream Master , and A Nightmare on Elm Street 5: The Dream Child .
Ooh, i will try them . thank you for helping me good bye
I loved It  and I thought the new one It  was ok . thank you, good bye.
hello . i'm open to any movie
Hi there.  I would like to suggest some comedies you could watch, have you seen The Wedding Singer ?
i just watched Avengers: Infinity War and i liked it . i have not seen it . but i watched American Pie 2  and it was great . i also watched American Pie
It has Adam Sandler in it.  I like so many of his movies like Billy Madison and Big Daddy and Little Nicky
So have you watched Click ?
I didn't think the American Pie movies were that great . I always felt like the were super overrated.
he also made a movie where he is gay but i don't remember the name
I've seen Click  but I don't like it as much as his older movies.
i think so, his old movies were better . thank you for helping me . good bye i hope i'll see you again in another chat
You're welcome.  Have a great day, good bye.
Hello . what kind of movies would you recommend me to watched with my friends?
Hello, there is a movie that I have always enjoyed and I'm not sure what you would call the genre but the movie is Donnie Darko  have you ever seen this one?
i think funny movies would be great . Yes i watched it! it was really great!
Well that one definitely isn't funny.  How about Black Sheep  or another classic Uncle Buck
i watched Hangover i liked very much!
I like that movie too.
i have not seen that mive . movie* sorry
So funny and just ridiculous.
yes and there is the another one Hangover . i think i will try those movies
I really love Chris Farley's movies Tommy Boy is an all time favorite
thanks! Good bye . i will try that one too!
For sure you will definitely enjoy them and get a lot of laughs. . Thank you, good bye/
Hello
Hello
Tell me what kind of movies would you like to watch? . i just watched Avengers: Infinity War
I like action movies like X-Men
I really enjoyed it! . do you like marvel movies?
I haven't seen that.  It's been a while since I've seen a brand new movie
As Man of Steel ?
I've never seen that one but I will have to check it out.
do you like that kind of movies? . what about Spider-Man: Homecoming ?
I also loved The Dark Knight Rises
That's really good . You should try those . Yes! Batman has made a lot of good movies
I haven't seen that one either but I'll check it out.  I really loved Suicide Squad
Well, i hope i have helped . Enjoy your evening . Good bye
Yes you helped so much thank you, good bye.
Have you seen the movie The Godfather
I have seen it once, a long time ago.  It was really good but it might be a little dated for me now.
Yeah its a bit dated for shure . What kind of movie genres do you like
I enjoy fantasy type movies, and goofy comedies.  Any suggestions?
For me the best fantsy is The Lord of the Rings  . Have you seen it
For example, Big Fish and Sisters.
Or Step Brothers very funny comedy
I love The Lord of the Rings , but The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey was too tedious! . I haven't seen Step Brothers, if I like The Hangover would I like it?
definitely the movie Step Brothers Is for you!
Perfect, thank you.  That's a great recommendation!
Great, anytime!
Bye!
Bye
Hello
Hi! Have you seen a good action movie lately?
It has been a while since I've seen any action films, though I do like movies like X-Men. . I have always loved the idea of having some sort of power like they have.
That is a great title. Loved it, If you have not seen it yet, I highly recommend John Wick
I loved John Wick .
It is action packed with great fight scenes. . They do say there is no bond like one between a man and his dog.
I am also like the movie Shooter .  It is suspenseful, I was on the edge of my seat the whole time.
I haven't seen Shooter
Oh and this other one I think the name is Eagle Eye , it is an intense movie to watch.  Makes you wonder about big brother watching our every move.
That is a great recommendation! I will have to check those out. If you're into shooting movies, you should watch American Sniper
I'm not sure if I've seen that one or not.  either way I will have to watch it now. . I like all kinds of movies really.  One of my all time favorite movies is Donnie Darko and I have a hard time describing it to people but it is really worth checking out.
I have yet see that one either. I will definitely check it out. Thanks for the great suggestions. I have got to go now. I hope you have a wonderful day
You as well thank you and good bye.
Hello, I hear you are looking for movie recommendations.  Do you have any sort of genre in mind?
Yes, I'd recommend psychological thrillers.  Have you seen Nocturnal Animals?
No I have never seen that one.  I will have to check it out.  Growing up I always like movies like A Nightmare on Elm Street  and Friday the 13th . . As for newer movies I really enjoyed The Forest . It was riveting.
Those are classics.  I'd like to see A Nightmare on Elm Street or the remake A Nightmare on Elm Street.
I have not seen the remake.
Have you seen Arrival?
No I have not seen that one either.  I guess I have a few to look into.  I really liked Annabelle though.
I enjoyed Annabelle 2 but never did see the original.  I felt like the sequel stood well on its own. . I will have to check out the original!
Well you have a wonderful evening I hope I helped.
You certainly have!  Thanks!
Thank you, good bye.
Goodbye.
Hello! How are you?
Hi I am good . How are you
I'm fine. Do you have any good suggestions for a good movie?
What kinds of movies do you like? Do you like dramatic movies?
I love action and funny movies, so I looking for something that combines the two,
Do you like Pineapple Express ? . You may like Rush Hour .
I have heard about it, but have never seen it. What is it about?
Pineapple Express is about two slackers that witness a murder. It is hilarious! . You might love Deadpool !
That does so really funny. And that would be the perfect movie for today.
That is full of action and comedy. . The The Blues Brothers is a class too! . Yes, I highly suggest Pineapple Express !
I have heard so many things about Deadpool and from the ads it looks so good. Thank you. I just might give Deadpool a try.
You won't be disappointed. . That sounds great. I am so glad I could help you find a great movie to watch. . I wonder if you have seen any of the movies I suggested? . Have you see The Blues Brothers or Rush Hour ? . Maybe you have seen Men in Black ? That is a good movie too. . I think you need to agree you have seen one I suggested. :)
Hello! How are you?
Hi! Do you have a good movie for me? I like dramas. . I am great.
Do you like classic dramas like Casablanca, or would you prefer something more recent?
I really likeI like Casablanca a lot. I love old movies. . I have seen Casablanca . . I like Citizen Kane too.
If you like Casablanca , you might enjoy Key Largo or The Night of the Iguana . Grand Hotel is another favorite old movie of mine, though it doesn't have the same hard-boiled feel to it
What is Key Largo about? That sounds interesting. . I think I would like to watch Key Largo .
In Key Largo Humphrey Bogart's character clashes with mobsters in a Florida resort town, and falls in love with Lauren Bacall along the way
Thanks so much for the help! Bye!
Have a good day!
Goodbye.
Hi! How are you? . I am looking for a funny movie. Can you . help me? . I really like There's Something About Mary . . I like comedies that have a little romance in them.
Hi I'm great thanks, how are you?
I am great. . It's a nice day. . I also really like The Holiday . . I like Shallow Hal too. . I hope you can help by just suggesting one movie.
There's Something About Mary ething About Mary is a great movie, very funny. Have you seen The Wedding Singer ? . I also like The Holiday and Shallow Hal
I have not seen The Wedding Singer . What is it about?
It has Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler starring, it's a romantic comedy so you would like it
Thank you so much for the help! Have a great day. Goodbye.
Hi! How are you? . It is so great to be paired with you.
Hey good thanks and you?
I am great.
What kind of movies do you like? I love horrors!
I really love superhero movies like Guardians of the Galaxy and Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 . . Can you suggest a couple superhero movies for me to watch tonight?
That's great my brother also likes those movies so I can recommend some for you
Awesome.
Have you seen Avengers: Age of Ultron
No I have not seen Avengers: Age of Ultron . I know people that really like it. I will have to watch it. I do really like Spider-Man . I am sure I will love it.
Also Captain America: Civil War is a great film
Cool! Thanks for helping me!
Yeh Spiderman is a great movie
Have a great night. Goodbye!
No problem enjoy your movies, bye
Hey how are you?
Hi! How are you today?
I'm great thanks, What kind of movies do you like?
I am hoping you can help me find a movie about gangsters, like Casino . I love that movie. I also really like Goodfellas . . Anything related to the mob interests me.
They are great movies, have you seen American Gangster
I have not seen it, what is it about? . Is it like the Godfather ?
It's based on 1970's in New York
Oh, cool. That sounds like something I would like for sure.
Also Scarface is a film you might enjoy
Yeah, I have actually never seen that! . Thanks a ton for the help.
No problem, enjoy
Have a great day. Goodbye.
Hey how are you?
Hi! How are you? . I am great.
Good thanks, what kind of movies do you like?
I really loved Black Panther . . I love adventure movies.
That's great it's a great movies. Have you seen Tomb Raider
I like stuff like Jurassic Park .
I have't seen Jurassic Park
Oh, you know what, I haven't seen that. What is it about? Is it like Raiders of the Lost Ark ?
Have you seen Avengers: Infinity War
Jurassic Park is good. . No, I haven't seen Avengers: Infinity War . My friends love it though.
It is the best marvel film so far
Thanks a ton for the recommendations. I will totally watch those!
No problem, enjoy and goodbye
Have a great day. Goodbye.
Hey how are you?
Hey! I am great. How are you?
I'm great thanks, what kind of movies do you like?
I really love Disney movies. . I love Aladdin and The Lion King .
Awesome, have you tried the new Beauty and the Beast
I haven't seen all of them though.
Those are great movies
Oh, the new one?
Yeh it's a great film
With the girl from Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone ? . I have to watch that!
Yeh that's the one she is a great actress
That is a great idea. I didn't even think of that. . Thanks a lot!
Have you seen Sleeping Beauty it's a classic
Yes! I love it. . Thanks soooo much.
No problem, enjoy and goodbye
I am excited to watch Beauty and the Beast . Have a great day. Goodbye.
Hello I am looking for some suggestions for an upcoming movie night with firends.
What kinds of movies have you liked before with this group of friends?
When I was younger I loved watching A Nightmare on Elm Street
Do your friends also like scary movies?
And more recently I have enjoyed The Forest. . I am not sure of all of their preferences . I was thinking maybe to have a couple different genres.
Would The Boy be a good horror choice?
Oh I have seen that one too.  It was wuite good, surprised by the ending. . Sorry I mean Quite
I would also say Deadpool could be a good film for a group of people. Funny and with action involved. Lots of super hero movies right now
I love Deadpool and I think you are right that will be a great movie to watch with friends. . What about a comedy?  I always liked Tommy Boy or The Wedding Singer .
We are a big fan of Spaceballs and Blazing Saddles in my house. A bit older like the two you mentioned and super funny. I just love Mel Brooks
I have seen and love Spaceballs but not Blazing Saddles though I think I've heard of it. . Well thank you so much I think I can plan my movie night now.
Good luck! I hope your friends enjoy the choices
Thank you, Good Bye.
Hello! What kind of movie are you looking for today?
Hello . I guess I am not sure what I am looking for.  Do you know of any good romance movies?
I love Ever After . Its an older fairy tale romance with Drew Barrmore . Stardust is also a good action adventure romance.
I've never really watched these types of movies and I don't know where to start. . I haven't seen either of these I will have to check them out.
What else would you like in the movie? comedy, fairy tales?
I always like True Romance I think that is the name of it.
What movies outs die of the romance genre do you like?
And not really that romantic but totally hilarious Love Stinks. . I love comedies like Little Nicky.  This movie never fails to crack me up.
So True Romance is a crime movie with some romance
And there is another I don't know what you would call the genre but the name is Donnie Darko .
Have you seen Kill Bill? . Some romance and action
Yes but True Romance the love was so real it strikes me as a great romance, . I have never gotten through all of Kill Bill. . Well I am definitely going to look in to your recommendations.  Thank you, have a great day.
Did you like the scifi aspect of Donnie Darko ? . Have a nice day!
Hello what kind of movies are you looking for?
Hi, I love musicals and am looking for some new ones! . Les Misérables is a current favorite
I am not sure that I know many musicals.  I have never seen Les Misérables. . I have seen Annie  as a child.
I also enjoy The Phantom of the Opera . I have seen Annie but it was sort of meh
I haven't seen that one either.  If anything I am a horror fan all the way. . I grew up watching A Nightmare on Elm Street and Friday the 13th.
I havent seen a lot of horror movies because they terrify me
I like that scared to the couch feeling, though sometimes I have to follow up my horror movies with a great comedy.  Something like The Waterboy.
I love Adam Sandler! My favorite movie of his is Happy Gilmore . Do you know of any other good 90's comedies?
I love Happy Gilmore. . Tommy Boy  and Black Sheep are 2 all time favorites.
I havent seen either of those but I will take a look! Thank you for the new movie suggestions
Thank you too.  You have a great day, good bye.
Hi there are you interested in some classic comedies?
I am actually looking for movies for my 12 yr olds sleepover
There is a movie called Uncle Buck and it is absolutely hilarious. . Well Uncle Buck is family friendly I could do better I am sure.  How abut The Hunger Games  and The Hunger Games: Catching Fire
I dont think the kids would be interested in a movie that old. Hunger Games they have seen and love
Well how about Wonder Woman .
They really liked Sky High when I showed that to them and Wonder Woman could be good too
I could also suggest X-Men: Apocalypse.
I think I will try that with them as well.
or the newest one I believe is Logan .
We havent seen that one but they do like super heroes . I think that should be enough movies for one sleepover
sounds good.  You have a great day.  Thank you and good bye.
Hello, are you a movie buff?
Hi, I guess I could say yes from the ridiculous stack of movies :) you?
I watch many movies. I especially like science fiction. Any recommendations?
An oldy but a goody is The Wizard of Oz. I prefer more actions and comedies, any recomendations?
I like Bruce Willis action.
I really enjoy movies like The Avengers and Iron Man. Recently we watched Spider-Man: Homecoming and it was great!
I like Seven Samori as well as the Magnificent Seven.
I like Bruce Willis in a lot of movies, especially in Die Hard
I will watch The Avengers again, Thanks!
I have not seen The Magnificent Seven
Please watch it. Lots of action. A classic.
I will add it to the Netflix que. Thank you!
I guess we are through, nice talking to you.
Have a great day! . goodbye
Hi! What kind of movies are you looking for today?
I want to watch some classics like The Birds. . Or maybe something like The Wizard of Oz.
Have you seen both of those movies?
oh yes I have seen both of them multiple times.
Not as old but Airplane! I would consider a semi classic.
I have not seen Airplane! or if I have I do not remember it all.  I will have to check that out.
It is comedic
Oh there is another old one that I always loved it has a little bit of everything it is called Little Shop of Horrors.
Along the same lines as Airplane is Dr. Strangelove which is a lesser known movie I was introduced to in a film class
I have heard of it before but I have never actually watched it.  I will definitely have to check it out now though. . Oh and another all time favorite is Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory.
If you liked Little Shop of Horrors for the music I would suggest Anything Goes . And another good Gene Wilder film is Blazing Saddles !
I will have to check those ones out as well. . Thank you for all the suggestions.  this should keep me busy for a while.
Woudl you like any other suggestions?
No I think that's great thank you, Good bye.
Bye!
Hey I heard you're looking for movies what kind of recommendation would you like?
I enjoy movies with a lot of action.
Have you seen Deadpool this movie is action packed to the max.  I can't wait to get to see Deadpool 2.
Yes I have seen Deadpool and you are right, its great. I'm also waiting on the second one
Do you like Mark Wahlberg?  He's in a great movie called Shooter , this movie is full of action and suspense.  Edge of my seat the whole time.
Really? Yes I have heard of him but not that movie. I'll have to check it out. . Do you have any other suggestions?
Oh for sure, it is a great movie and Mark Wahlberg is a stud.  Have you ever seen Boogie Nights ?
Missed that one as well.
Oh you gotta into it.  It's a great movie.
I will do that. Did he ever do fantasy type movies? I'm into those as well
I'm not sure, I would have to look into that.  There is one he is in called The Happening.  Kind of crazy scary movie.
Sounds interesting. I'll check those out. Thank you.
Thank you, good bye.
Bye.
Hello I am looking for some movies to watch can you recommend anything to me?
Yes, what types of movies are you interested in?
I love all kinds of movies Horror like The Forest, comedies like Uncle Buck and romances like The Notebook.
Have you seen 21 Jump Street ? I thought that was a pretty funny movie
I have seen that movie and it is definitely hilarious.  I have yet to watch the next one though, 22 Jump Street.
That movie is also pretty good! I would also recommend watching A Silent Voice for romance, it is a very sweet and emotional movie. It is in an animated style.
I have not seen that but I will have to look in to it for sure. . Well I think these are some great suggestions.
I'm glad you like them. Hope you have a great day!
You too, Good bye.
Hello
hi
Can you give me some movie titles
Dark night . the rise . Scarface
i really like The Godfather And Scarface
Likewise, Alpacino is great.
Yes i really like crime movies something like Goodfellas Or Pulp Fiction . Tarantino is really great
Yeah those are the best, especially Pulp fiction. . Samuel Jackson made the movie great !
yes i have that wallet he had . Bad mothef*ck*r . :D . Thanks for your reccomendations! . Bye
Hello . Can you reccoment a movie
Yes, Avengers is good
I really like The Wolf of Wall Street Or American Hustle . I really dont like superheroes . can you reccomend something else . something like Memento or Black Mass . Also The Shawshank Redemption is really good morgan freeman did the role grat!
yeah those are great movies . I love Napoleon dynamite
Ok i will see it . i think thats a great comedy for a lazy weekend :D . Ok thank you bye!
no problem, bye
Hey
Hi . Can you give me a movie recommendation
I like the movie Get out . It really portrays how the majority of america really is
Something like the Titanic Or The Karate Kid . I dont like the movie get out
Ohh ok and I wonder why
it portrays black people as an indagerous species and i dont beleve in that . Where i live thats not the case :D
indagerous&gt; . whats that ?
So something like The Godfather Or 12 Angry Men
mmhm . it was nice talking to you , good bye
i meant endangered :D
Hey , you guys are always bothering us , so you might as well
Omg . sorry if i offended you with my opinions man
Not at all,
I hope you all well
Same here
bye! Thanks for you recommendation!
Hi! How are you? . I really like murder mysteries. Can you help me find one?
Great, how are you? . Have you seen Kiss Kiss Bang Bang
I really like Seven . . No I have not. Is it good? . I like The Silence of the Lambs a lot too.
It's awesome. Its a really funny murder mystery with Val Kilmer and RDJ
Cool I will have to watch it. We should keep giving each other suggestions later on. :) . I also like Memento .
For sure.
It's been nice chatting with you.
Another great one.
Goodbye. Hope to talk to you soon. I'll be around. . Bye
You too
Hi! It is nice to meet you. Would you like to know about a good movie? What kinds of movies do you like?
I love all types of movies but prefer action drama. how about you?
I like drama too. I really like Titanic . Do you like that? . Spotlight  was awesome. I highly recommend it! . Fight Club and The Shawshank Redemption are two of my favorite movies.
Titanic is a great movies. probably the only movie that ever made me cried
Which once that I recommended would you like to watch? . I hope we can talk again. ;) I would love to learn more about movies with you later on.
you got good taste The Shawshank Redemption is great. I forgot about that one. Have you ever seen Running Scared
No I have not. Sounds great! I hope you have a great day &amp; hope to talk to you soon.:) Goodbye.
Hey, how's it going?
Hey it's great
What kind of movies do you like?
I am looking for a scary movie . I don't normally watch them . so I am open to lots of suggestions
I really like A Quiet Place
Oh I have never seen it . I like the old school ones, like Halloween
it was very good. and not too scary or gruesome for someone who doesn't normally watch  them
Halloween
great classic
or the silly ones like Scream . What about Get Out ? Did you see that? Is it good?
The Others is pretty creepy . only a few jump scares . Get Out was so good.
Oh yeah that is awesome. . Thanks a lot. I hope you can help me later! . Goodbye! :)
same, bye
Hello, I am looking for movies for a night with friends that I have coming up.  Any suggestions?
Black Panther is a great movie
When I was younger I liked movies like A Nightmare on Elm Street
I really love action movies
Oh I haven't seen that one yet, but I really want to.
You may be interested in The Texas Chainsaw Massacre
I like action movies too.  I love X-Men  and X-Men: The Last Stand .
I have every x-men movie
Oh yes I have seen The Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
I love X-Men
I haven't seen it yet but I want to, Logan looks amazing.
Logan  is the great
I will definitely have to check that out than.
Have you seen Avengers: Infinity War . That may be a great movie for an upcoming movie night
No I haven't seen that yet.  I haven't seen any new movies in a while. . For sure I will have to check that one out too.  Sounds like it will be an action packed night. . Thank you for your help.
Yes you are welcome, I am most delighted to help
Have a great night, good bye.
Ta! . Good Night
Hi! How are you?
I'm good and you? . Just looking for some good movies to watch.
I am looking for a comedy. I really like The Wedding Singer . . Oh I see. What do you like?
I love that movie.  Have you seen Billy Madison
Yes that is great. . Would you like Shallow Hal . It's old but pretty funny.
I have seen that movie and I really like it.  It's funny and heartwarming.
I like Ghostbusters too.
I'm stuck on Adam Sandler and Drew Berrymore have you seen 50 First Dates ?
Cool. Maybe I helped. Yes, I love that movie. . Did o help you, or do you need more help?
Oh I love Ghostbusters . . You definitely helped me thank you very much.
Great. Goodbye.
goodbye.
Hi how are you? . Can I help you find a movie?
I'm good yes I would love to see some action adventure. . I like the movie Shooter.
Have you seen Raiders of the Lost Ark ? That is a classic. . I've never seen that.
Oh and this one called Eagle Eye, such a good movie.
Have you seen Jack Reacher ?
I have not seen Raiders of the Lost Ark.
It is very good. . Oh you have to see it. . It's one of the best movies ever made. . I hope I've helped you.
Yes I have seen Jack Reacher it is a great movie. . You have definitely helped, thank you and good bye.
I hope you have a good night. Goodbye.
Hi. How are you? . Can I help you find a good movie tonight?
did you like the The Sixth Sense . sure
I did. It was great. . What kind of movies do you like.
i am looking for a horror movie
Ok, have you seen Get Out ?
Yes, it was very different then what I usually watch. . I didn't like it so much.
Have you seen the The Shining ? It is a classic. . Also, Halloween is a classic. It's the best horror movie.
I have never seen it. All I know is that Jack Nicholson is in it. lol . Yes. I have seen Halloween. . Halloween
I think you would really like The Shining . . Was I able to help you tonight?
Yes you did great. Thank you.
Thanks. Goodbye.
Hi!  Do you like to watch action movies?  I just watched Thor   and enjoyed it. . If you like dumb cult classic movies, you can't get better/worse than The Pirate Movie
Hi there sorry I'm here
Great!  What type of movies do you like?
I am into action movies like Thor   but my boyfriend always gets to pick. Can you recommend like a 90s classic? . Something to the effect of Cruel Intentions
I loved Cruel Intentions You might like Election which had Matthew Broderick and Reese Witherspoon.
Do you think the Reese Witherspoon one called Fear ? . haha thats great you brought those up! . Thank you very much for the recommendations. I might make him watch Clueless  too haha
I've never seen Fear .  Even though it's more 80s you might like Heathers if you liked Cruel Intentions . . Yes, or Legally Blonde .  He would love that Ha!
LOVED Heathers . Winona forever
Yes!
Do you think he'd like Encino Man ?
He probably would.  How about I Know What You Did Last Summer  or Scream
Perfect! I'll see what I can find. Thank you for your recommendations. Its always nice to have a second opinion,
Thank you!
Hello . Can you please reccomend a movie
Hello, sure I will.
Something like The Silence of the Lambs . I really liked that one
Have you seen the new Avengers? Avengers: Infinity War
I have not . Is that a good mmovie?
You should for sure go and watch the Avengers: Infinity War . Also go and rewatch the The Silence of the Lambs . It is a great movie! I would highly suggest it!
Thanks . what do you think of a comedy
Have you seeen Blockers ?
Step Brothers or Seven Psychopaths
It's new in theaters now
Thats the one! . Thanks! . Thanks! Bye! . Thanks! Bye!
Hello
Hello! how are you? . Have you seen the new Avengers: Infinity War
Im fine thanks! . yes i have its really great
I agree, do you have any suggestions on movies?
i really like Captain America: Civil War Also
Yes! I love all of the marvel movies!
Oldboy or Thor  . must see!
I really love Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 . Okay, that is all. Goodbye!
Goodbye!
Hello! Have you seen either of these? Avengers: Infinity War  or Thor  . Thor: Ragnarok
Omg Yes! . i really like them . do you have something else for me . a superhero movie . would be great! . Maybe an older Superman movie
Have you seen Batman
I have not . thats perfect . Thank you!
Thank you.
Bye!
hello
Can you give me any movie sugestions?
tell me what kind of movies do you like?
I like comedy movies
i would recommend you Click  it is very funny . i also would recommend you You Don't Mess with the Zohan
I liked Click I thought it was pretty good.
those are really funny, have you seen them? . have you seen American Pie ?
I havent seen You Don't Mess with the Zohan what it about?
or Scary Movie . it is a movie mady by Adan Sandle
I liked those movies . I thought they were pretty good
it is pretty funny you know almost all the movie he has done are very funny
Yeah I love how he acts
hahahaa, those are old movies but if you see them again you laugh so much
I think I will watch You Don't Mess with the Zohan  sounds interesting
i hope i have helped have a good evening
and maybe rewatch the others . thanks . bye
enjoy your evening . bye
Hi there
Hello
I&quot;m looking for movies that have like brain twists? I enjoy movies such as Vanilla Sky . I also like Being John Malkovich
I can honestly say I have never seen Vanilla Sky i believe it does have Tom Cruise right?
yeah it does... just any weird twisty films
I have never seen that one either.
I could go for a romantic comedy instead maybe.
have you ever seen Monster with Charlize Theron?
Yes! that is a freaky one. haha she did so well I couldn't believe it was her
Valentine's Day is a good Romantic comedy movie . right??? and she looked exactly like her too it was freaky . oh another weird and one is Flight with Denzel
I haven't seen Valentine's Day . Do you know of anything similar to Bridget Jones's Diary
how about Maid in Manhattan
Awesome! I'll put those down for another night. I like your suggestion of Maid in Manhattan I think I'll go with that one. . Thank you so much for your help!
also The Proposal with Sandra Bullock is amazing as is Ryan Reynolds . your very welcome!
ooooh Can't go wrong with ryan haha . have a good night
you too, thank you...goodnight.
Hello, I am looking for new dramas or based on true life events such as We Are Marshall or The Judge
I would recommend A Civil Action or The Lincoln Lawyer  . What was the last movie you saw?
I have not seen A Civil Action but I have seen The Lincoln Lawyer  . The last movie I saw was I Can Only Imagine
A classic fictional courtroom drama is To Kill a Mockingbird . You might enjoy Woodlawn
Ironically, I bought To Kill a Mockingbird but haven't watched since I purchased it. Thanks for the suggestion. I have not seen Woodlawn I may have to watch that one as well. . Do you have any suggestions for Comedy?
21 Jump Street and The Hangover are good comedies.
those both sound good, I will have to add those to my list, thank you so much for your help today.
You're welcome.
Hello, what genre of movie do you like?
I like all kinds, I feel like I could use a good Comedy
Have you seen 21 Jump Street or any of the The Hangover movies?
No, I can't say that I have seen 21 Jump Street but I have seen The Hangover and it was good . Have any suggestions for Will Ferrell movies?
Yes. The classics are Anchorman  and Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby I feel like. . His new one, The House was very good.
Sounds good, I have never seen Anchorman  or The House So I will add those to my weekend binge fest. I did see Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby Shake &amp; Bake! LOL
Yes! Alright, have a good one.
You too, thank you.
Hi, what kind of movies are you looking for.
I'm looking for any recent horror movies that are good.
I heard the remake of It was pretty good
I haven't gotten around to seeing that, but I will!
Also A Quiet Place is another one you might like
Yes, I didn't get to see that yet, but heard good things about it.
The Dark Tower and Annabelle 2 are also really horrific
Yes! I saw both of those and enjoyed them.
Would you like some more suggestions?
What was the last indie movie you saw that you would suggest watching?
I would have to say Room was a good one . also Manchester by the Sea as well
I forgot about Room  I wanted to see, but haven't yet. . I saw Manchester by the Sea and enjoyed it. . Thank you and goodbye!
have a good day!
Hello . What kind of movies do you like?
what ever . hello . i'm open to any movie . i just watched Black Panther and i loved . it is very interesting actually
Have you seen Avengers: Infinity War
but i have noot seen Avengers: Infinity War  there are many people who say is very interesting . i thin i have not seen it
I've heard the same abut that movie
i may try that one is it interesting? . which another one would you recommend me?
You can watch also It . It's a remake very good
i watched It  the old one . it is similar to the old one? . well thank you for helping me . i will try them . good bye have a nice day
It is more interesting
Hi . Any recomendations for a good movie?
Yes I love Running Scared and Belly . Aldo Titanic is great. what movies do you like
i like Good Will Hunting is a  good movie . and also Goodfellas its a great movie.
Good Will Hunting is a great choice. Goodfellas is also great. So that mean you like Casino . I love mob movies. If you haven't seen Gangs of New York you should give it a peek . have you seen it
yes moob movies are good like The Rise of the Krays
Well thank you for your suggestions. I will rewatch Good Will Hunting tonight. I totally forgot about that movie. I never seen The Rise of the Krays . It was fun talking to you.
same have a good one
Have a great day
hello
Hi
tell me what kind of movies would you like to watch?
I like all movies but mob movies are my favorite ones like Casino
i just watched Black Panther  and i loved it . what about Casino Royale ?
its a good movie marvel movies are good do you like the DC world like Batman
have you seen that one? . yes that batman guy is awesome
i live bond movies the old ones like GoldenEye . it was nice talking to you i have to go have a good day
and what about 21 . i was nice . good bye
What genre of movie do you like?
I like comedies
Have you seen Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby  or The Hangover ?
I have seen and enjoyed both of them.
Did you see that new Will Ferrel movie The House ?
I did see it. I did not like it very much.
Me too, buddy. . Have you seen Little Miss Sunshine ?
Yes, I love a dark comedy like that
I would recommend Fargo and other Cohen brother movies for sure.
That sounds great, thank you for the recommendation.
Awesome, see you later.
Hi. Can you reccomend an action movie?
Hi! How are you? . Do you like The Avengers ? . There is a new one out right now.
Yes. I really liked The Avengers
It is Avengers: Infinity War . I heard it is awesome.
I saw it a couple of weeks ago it was very good!
I really loved Guardians of the Galaxy and the sequel Guardians of the Galaxy , . Those are great movies, and they are funny too. . My favorite classic is Raiders of the Lost Ark .
I enjoyed Thor: Ragnarok too that was very funny.
I haven't seen that.
It was good and verry funny.
Have you see Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon ?
No I have not seen that movie.
You should! I highly recommend it. . I would definitely watch it. It is one of the best action movies of all time. . I hope I helped you some today.
I will have to watch that movie. Thanks for the suggestion!
Goodbye!
hi how are you? . It is nice to meet you. Can you help me find a movie today?
I'm good. How about you?
I am in the mood to watch a comedy. . I really like movies with Drew Barrymore. I like slapstick, silly movies. . I really liked 50 First Dates . . What do you think I would like? . I really like National Lampoon's Vacation . . That is hilarious. . There's Something About Mary is one of my favorites too.
How about The Wedding Singer
Maybe you can help me find one. . Yeah, I love that one. . I haven't seen anything recent though. . Maybe something that has been recently released? I am so behind when it comes to movies.
Do you think you'd like the new Jurassic World?
What is it about? . Is it like Jurassic Park ? I really liked that move.
Yes, it's part of the Jurassic Park series. But it's a new one. I don't know if it's out yet.
Cool. That sounds awesome. I will have to watch it. Thanks so much for the help! . Have a great day! Goodbye.
You're welcome. . Good day to you, too!
Hi! How are you today? It is nice to meet you. . Do you need help finding a movie?
Hello . Yes do you have any drama reccomendations? . What types of movies do you like?
Sure, I love dramas. What is your favorite drama? . I like comedies, but I love all kinds of movies.
I really like The Shawshank Redemption . Have you seen Thor: Ragnarok it was a superhero movie but very funny.
I haven't seen Thor: Ragnarok . . Have you seen Me Before You  ? . It is a drama, but it has some romance in it too.
Yes I have. I loved the book and the movie was very good too.
La La Land was actually pretty good too. It was very dramatic, because it was a musical. . I know, Me Before You  made me cry!
I acutually have not seen La La Land yet
I really liked The Fault in Our Stars . That is an amazing movie if you haven't seen it. . I hope I am helping you some.
Thats a good reccomenation I have not seen it yet.
You should watch it. It's amazing. . I really hope you have a great day.
I will! thanks you too!
Great! Goodbye.
Hi . are  you looking for a specific type of movie?
Hello
I am trying to find a movie based on a book to watch.
I like action movies
Have you seen the new Avengers: Infinity War movie?
Yes I have . Have you seen Fifty Shades of Grey
yes I have.
How did you like it?
It was okay but I was interested in somehitng more serious.
What other types of movies do you like?
I like historical movies. . I watched The Post recently and liked it
ok have you seen Seabiscuit
No I have not. Thats a good suggestion. . thanks for your help!
your welcome
What genre of movie do you like?
I like Comedy Movies!!
Have you seen Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby or The Hangover ?
I have seen both movies!
What about last year's The House ?
I have not seen that movie yet but it looks like it would be a good one!
Neighbors with Seth Rogan is good too.
I seen that one. I really liked it. Isnt there a second one that came out like within the last year?
Yes, Neighbors 2: Sorority Rising!
Thats it! I want to see that one!
Awesome! Have a good one.
Hi
Hi, how are you?
Im good you?
I'm well! Having a good start to the day!
I like action movies. Any suggestions?
I just saw Deadpool 2 maybe you'd like that!
I havent seen that. I think I would like that . What kind of movies do you like
Have you watched Deadpool the first one?
I saw Avengers: Infinity War that was great
I like action, comedy, and thrillers mostly. What about you?
I have seen the first one as well . I meant Avengers: Infinity War
Nice! Did you feel Thanos was a bad guy? I personally still feel he was selfish/self-centered. Did you see Guardians of the Galaxy and Guardians of the Galaxy ?
I did, but I also felt bad for him. Strangely I have seen Guardians of the Galaxy but i have seen Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 . Im sorry havent for the first one
Oh! Okay, you should see Guardians of the Galaxy so that you could even better understand that relationship dynamic with his daughters.
Awesome! Thanks
Well, it was nice talking to you! Have a great day! . You're welcome!
You too bye!
Hi, how are you? Did you enjoy your weekend?
HI, Im good how are you? I did. What about you?
Nice! I'm well. I enjoyed my weekend. I saw Deadpool 2 with my bf. Did you see it?
No! I do want to see it though, it looks funny.
Yeah, I liked the first one, Deadpool Did you see that one? . If not, you definitely should watch it in order.
Yes I saw that one. Im a marvel fan are you? . I saw Avengers: Infinity War that was great!
Nice! I am a Marvel fan, too! . Have you watched Ant-Man ?
Im looking forward to seeing Ant-Man and the Wasp . yep Ive seen that too!
Yes! Me too! I wound up liking Ant-Man more than I thought I would!
Yea I was surprised it was good! . Well it was nice to talk to another marvel fan! Have a great day!
Hello, how are you?
Great and you?
Wonderful, I just seen this awesome movie call Avengers: Infinity War , have you seen it?
Not yet, what is it about?
Well have you seen The Avengers ?
Yes, i liked it. Are you a big fan of action movies?
Well basically all the Avengers get together for a common goal, I really liked it.  I am, what about you?
I enjoy good action movie. What else would you recommend me from that genre?
I would recommend Deadpool or The Dark Knight if you like comic book action movies like that.
I've seen both Deadpool and The Dark Knight. I think acting in that particular batman movie was phenomenal.
Thank you for the chat, goodbye.
Hello
Hi, what kind of movies do you like?
Whatever you can recommend me . Whatever you can recommend me
Have you seen the new movies Avengers: Infinity War or Isle Of Dogs ?
yes! i watched infinitive war and it was very interesting . but i did not watched the another one
I would also recommend A Quiet Place and No Country for Old Men . Those are some of my favorites!
What are those about? . Are those funny movies or action movies?
A Quiet Place is horror and No Country for Old Men is kind of a horror thriller.
i think i could try those ones this evening . i kind of like it . thank you for helping me
See you!
hi . Do you have any comedies you can recomend?
hi . yes of course . i would recommend you Click . that's a really interesting movie . have you ever seen American Pie ? . it is a old movie but you can love it and smile a lot!!
yes I have seen American Pie . who is in Click?
i could also recommend you Scary Movie as Scary Movie 2 but i liked more the old one . Click it is made by Adan Sandler
okay I think I saw that.
he is very funny
do you know any good dark comedies?
well i hope i have helped . let me think . let me think . there is Fargo have you seen it? . Enjoy your evening
No i haven't. That is a good reccomendation. Thanks!
Have a nice day good bye . Have a nice day good bye . Have a nice day good bye . Have a nice day good bye
good bye
hello . hello . What kind of movies would you like to watch? . What kind of movies would you like to watch?
I like comedies
i just watched Black Panther and i loved it . i recommend you watch Click  and also You Don't Mess with the Zohan
I have not seen Black Panther
Those movies are made by Adan Sandler even though Click is better than the another one . Well.. Black panther is a Action movie so, i recommend you those funny movies
I haven't seen Click either.
i would recommend you American Pie  too . There are a lot of those movies
I really liked American Pie
And if you like old movies you can watch Scary Movie too . Yeah, the new one is really good
I've seen Scary Movie but don't really like those kind of movies.
Oh, sorry, so you had better watch Click . Is really good, i hope i have helped . Have a nice day . Good bye i see you later
Hello. Have you seen Jaws . It's based on a book about a rogue shark that terrorizes a small beach community during the tourist summer season.
Hi How are you? . No I have not . Not really my kind of movie.
What type of movies do you like?
I like action
Then might I recommend Last Action Hero starring Arnold Schwarzenegger?
Okay. I haven't seen that one.
I could also recommend Die Hard
I have seen that one. I have to say that Live Free or Die Hard was my favorite of all the Die hard movies . Have you seen all of them?
That was pretty good, but to me the first one is still the best. . I have seen all of them. . Have you seen Lethal Weapon
I would have to agree the first one is very good. . Yes I have seen that one as well. I haven't seen it in a while. . It was nice talking to you. Have a good night
You as well
hello . what kind of movies would you like to watch? . what kind of movies would you like to watch?
Hi!
i just watched Black Panther and i loved
I like action and comedy
have you seen Avengers: Infinity War ?
What about you? . I saw that as well it was really good!
i really like marvel movies as the movies of Iron Man . Or the new one Spider-Man: Homecoming
Me too I'm a big marvel fan.
Even though there are many people who like the old ones i liked it
I wasn't really a fan of the spider man
Me too man . The best part of that one was when iron man appeared
I saw Avengers: Infinity War that was awesome!
i hope i have helped you
Yes true!
Have a good evening . good bye
You too
Enjoy your evening
You as well.
Hello . i love Marvel movies
Hey there!
Like Black Panther or Avengers: Infinity War . what would you recommend me?
Awesome me too! What about Iron Man
The best things of those movies are the action and the imaginative of the person who made it
Im really looking forward to Ant-Man and the Wasp would you see that?
i watched that one and i liked it
I cant wait!
I haven't heard about it
What about Spider-Man: Homecoming
what is that about? . The name sounds a little interesting
Oh I thought you said you it. . saw it sorry
Yes, i watched it too, i did not like it at all but i could enjoy it. . Well, thak you for helping i hope i see you later . have a nice day remember to say good  bye . good bye
Great have a good night!
Hello there
Hi How are you?
i'm fine thank you what about you?
Great! What kind of movies do you like?
i'm looking forward to watching comedy movies . What would you recommend?
Have you seen Girls Trip
No, i have not watched it, is it interesting?
Yes I thought it was pretty funny.
i watched Click and i liked, it was made by Adan Sandler
Oh yes that a good one. What about  The Mask
I like the movies made by that guy, he knows how to make people smile
Yes very true
Yes, i watched it!
what about The Waterboy . I like his older movies
No, i haven't watched that one, i like old movies too
You should check it out
Thank you for helping me i think i will try that one . Have a nice day, Good bye
No problem! have a good night!
See you later
Bye
Hello
Hi
What would you recommend?
What kind movies do you like?
i'm open to any options
Have you seen Avengers: Infinity War
No, i haven't but i want to!
It so good! . What about Black Panther
i just watched Black Panther and i loved it
So you like action?
Even though the most of the people are black is very interesting haha . Yes i also like Comedy movies
Have you seen Down to Earth
No, i haven't what is it about?
Chris Rock. He dies by accident and comes back in someone else body.
Wow, it sounds really interesting
I watched it the other night. Pretty funny
i like a comedy movie which was made by Adan Sandler
What about The Waterboy
i don't know its name . i don't know its name
Yes that is right
he has to be gay in the movie for his best friend and also he has to marry him
oh yeah I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry
That is! Thank you for helping me, i hope i see you later . have a great day
No problem have a good night bye!
Good bye . Good bye
Hello!
hello
How is your day going?
i'm open to any movie what would you recommend? . My day is awesome, what about your day?
Pretty good! Have you seen The Notebook
i like comdy movies like Click . No, i have not, what is that about? . it sounds interesting
It's a love story about two young people who meet in the summer and they fall in love and they have to part ways for a long time but end up meeting agian
i also watched Black Panther and i loved that movie . Again, i could try that one
That was a great movie! What about Avengers: Infinity War
i haven't been able to watch it, but i want to! . i also like Iron Man 2
It was so good!
That man knows how to make a movie . Well, thank you for helping me
No problem! Have a good night bye!
Have a nice day, i will try that movie called The Notebook . Bye . see you later
Bye
Hello there . How are you?
Hi there! can I help you find anything? I'm great!
Yes, i like comedy movies as Action movies . i liked Black Panther and Avengers: Infinity War
ooooh... which one do you like more? I have a lot of suggestions
But i also like old movies like Click and American Pie . i liked Black Panther and Avengers: Infinity War but sometime i prefer watching old movies where i can be relax and smile a lot
For comedy you can't go wrong with Old School
What is that movie about? . i think i have not heard about it
Will Farrell, tries to be young again and joins a frat
It sounds interesting i think i will try that one . Well, thank you for your help, have a nice day
also for a relaxy funny movie i would suggest The Sweetest Thing  with cameron diaz
Good bye, see you later
Hope i helped! have a good one
i watched it and i loved it!
Hello there . Who are you? . Could you tell me what kind of movies would you like to watch?
Hi there, Im good.. kinda confused. how are you? . I need help finding a documentary
I'm really good thank you
specifically about poverty . or cults, its for my clasroom
What about 15 Park Avenue ? . Have you watched that one? . I can also recommend you Poverty Inc.
I really liked Jesus Camp . oooh those would be good . I haven't seen the Park Avenue one
What about The Master ? have you watched it? . Well, i hope i have helped . Enjoy your evening or your classroom . Good bye, have a great day . See you later
There is one called Hauling i might try as well. . Thank you for your help! . have a good one
You wellcome
Hello
hiya!
i'm open to any movie . How are you? what would you recommend? . i like comedy movies as Action movies
How about It
I watched Avengers: Infinity War  and i loved it, even though i like old movies like American Pie . Yes i watched that one but i liked more It the old one . i don't know why but i like more old movies, i find them more interesting
I love older movies too. Have you seen High Fidelity
No, i haven't! . i think i will try that one
Its so good!
Thank you for your help . have a nice day, good bye
You're welcome! . bye
See you later
Hello
Hello!
How are you?
good you
i'm open to any movie
what kind of movie do you want to watch
What would you recommend?
The Dark Knight
I have not seen it, what is that about?
It is about Batman and the Joker
i watched Black Panther and i loved it . i think i will try that one
I have not seen that! heard it was good . have you seen Avengers: Infinity War
Yes, it is really good as Avengers: Infinity War . But i like old movies like It the old one, i liked the new one It but as i said, i prefer watching old movies
Make sure you watch the sequel The Dark Knight Rises
Yes, i have
All ITs are very good
It is very interesting that movie, i like Marvel movies since i was young
I hope you enjoy The Lad
I guess so.. Well, thank you for helping me
opps
See you later
The Dark Knight
Have a great day, good bye
bye!
i will try it
Hello . Tell me what kind of movies would you like to watch? . i can recommed you a lot of movies
Hello! wonderful!
Comedy movies like Click and American Pie
I really like Sci Fi movies. I recently watched Lost in Space and loved it!
if youy like old movies and smile with your family
i should watch more comedies. which ones do you like? I can't remember the last one I watched... maybe Men in Black ?
Even though if you are going to watch American Pie 2 i would recommend you watch it without children around
That's alright, I don't have any kids! Although I do enjoy kids movies like Zootopia  and Sing
i can recommend you The Mask which was made by Jin Carrey
Oh i have seen that one actually! . Anything else that will make me laugh?
Hahaha, Zootopia is really funny . Well i hope i have helped you . Enjoy your evening . Have a nice day, good bye
have a good one!
i can recommend you I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry . IT is one of my best . i mean the movies i have watched, it is really funny, that guy Adan Sandler . He can make smile any one . Enjoy them, good bye
Hello . How are you? . What kind of movies would you like to watch?
Hi
i can recommend you a lot of Comedy and Action movies
I'm like pretty much anything
Do you like Marvel movies?
Yes!
Did you see Black Panther ?
Yes I did. I liked it alot!
have you seen Avengers: Infinity War ? . I liked it too, it was very interesting
Yes I saw that one also. I wasn't too happy with the ending.
What about Spider-Man: Homecoming the new one? . Haha, the ending let something else
I have seen that one. I didn't like it.
What about Iron Man 2 ?
It wasnt as good as the others.
Yes, concerning to Spider man, the old movies are better than the new ones . Well, i hope i have helped . Have a great day
Captain America: Civil War was one of my favorites. . Yes thank you . Bye now!
I liked it too . Good bye, see you later
hello
Hi!
i'm open to any movie . What would you recommend?
Have you seen Girls Trip
i really loved Black Panther and Avengers: Infinity War . no, i have not seen it
Both were great! You like Marvel?
What is it about? . Of course i love Marvel movies!
Girls going on a wild trip!
i also like Comedy movies like Click
Kind of like The Hangover
that movie sounds interesting
Just with girls
Yes, but those are girls . i could try that one . Thank you for helping me . Have a nice day
Yea no problem!
i'll enjoy my evening
Have a good one bye!
Good bye . Good bye
bye
Hello!
hi
What movies do you like?
i'm open to any movie
Have you seen The Waterboy
No, i have not seen that one . It sounds interesting
It is pretty funny . How about Click
is it made by Adan Sandler?
Yes they both are.
i liked You Don't Mess with the Zohan
I thought it was stupid.
A little bit
But that is just me
i don't remember the name of the movie where Adan Sandler has to be gay for his best friend . They are fireman
oh yes I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry
They actually get marry in the movie . Yeah, that one! . Thank you for helping me . Have a great day
Yea no problem!
Good bye
Bye!
Hello
Hi
How are you? . What kind of movies do you like?
I’m good. Yourself? I like comedy, drama and adventure . What movies do you like?
Good. Thank you. . I like the same as you . Have you seen Die Hard
I have not seen Die Hard
Okay you should. Great movie! . What about The Hangover
Hmm! Yes I will have to check it out !! Yess I seen The Hangover I loved it
Its so funny!
Have you seen Mr. Deeds
Have you seen Mr. & Mrs. Smith . Yes I have seen Mr. Deeds
I heard they were coming out with a second one of The Hangover
Really!
Mr. & Mrs. Smith is a classic!
I hope that helped!
Yes it did!
Have a good night! . Bye!
One of my favorite Christmas comedies is Elf . Have a great night too :)
Hi
Hello
How are you?
I'm awesome what about you? . I'm open to any movie
Pretty good.
What would you recommend?
Have you seen The Wiz
No, that sounds old, is it a good one? . i like old movies like The Mask
Yes it is! It has Micheal Jackson in it . Okay. Have you seen Liar, Liar
or It the old one, i do not why but i enjoy watching old movies more than the new ones . Yeah, i have!
I do as well. . Some of my favorites are old movies.
But i think i will try the another one which i have not seen . Thank you for helping me . Have a great day . See you later
How about The Bodyguard
Good bye . I think about it
Bye
but i have not seen that one
Hello . How are you?
Hi I’m good how are you ?
Tell me what kind of movies would you like to watch? . i'm awesome
I like to watch comedy, action , and a little drama! What about you ?
i like Comedy movies and Action movies
Glad to hear you are doing awesome !
Have you seen Click ? . And what about Black Panther ? . i also can recommend you You Don't Mess with the Zohan
Omg ! I was typing Black Panther lol you beat me to the punchline . I seen Click . I am a huge Adam Sandler fan! . What you think of Black Panther
but i liked more I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry
Hahaha I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry is super funny !!! Such a classic
i think it was very interesting but that part of the movie where the cousin wanted to fight against his family.. I don't know i did not like it at all that part of the movie . Yeah, i think that's one of the best i have ever seen . Well, i hope i have helped . i hope i see you later in another chat . Have a great day and enjoy you evening
Yeah! But from his point he felt betrayed, and abandoned! He was taking out his anger which is sad! Yess pleasure talking to you! Thank you so much . Have a great night
Yeah, but fighting against the family? he could have done better
For sure !!! It would have been better to talk it out . But it wouldn’t be a Hollywood Movie if that’s was the case
Maybe the real black panther could have let the boy join the family after knowing its was his father's faul . Haha, it was a pleasure, good bye
Exactly ! Now that would have been amazing to watch!
Hi
Hello
How are you . What kind of movies do you like?
I am good how are you?
I’m peachy!
I'm open to any
Have you seen Black Panther
I have It was great! . So was Avengers: Infinity War
Amazing!!! I seen it 3 time so lkl
Except the ending!
I’m going to see that this weekend ! I heard a lot of people that were disappointed though
Nice! I want to see it agian! . I was but wasn't. Still good though.
I’m excited to see it ! What’s your favorite Christmas movie ?!
Jingle All the Way . Shameful! . I don't know what I do! . It
Lol !!! I don’t think I ever watched that one . Guilty! But I will definitely have to add that to my list this year lol
You should! It is pretty funny!
Lol yess I love comedy!! Have you seen Elf
Of course! Elf  is a must!
I’m a huge Will Ferrell fan . You cotton headed ninimuggin lol . Probably  spelt that word wrong lol
It was great to talk to you! Yes you did but it's okay! . Have a good night. Thank you for the suggestions!
Haha! Pleasure. Have a great night :) I’ll be sure to check the movie out !
Goodbye!
Hello!
Hi how are you :)
I am great! How are you?
I’m peachy! Thanks for asking ?! What kind of movies are you into?
Anything really. What about you?
I like action, and comedy! A good movie to be honest. Have you seen The Commuter
No I have not. . Have you seen Mr. & Mrs. Smith . I never get tired of that one for some reason.
It’s a great movie ! It was actually released in 2018 . Ahh yes !! Love that movie it’s a classic. I can watch that again, and again
Ok, I will have to check it out. . What about Die Hard
No :( I have not seen Die Hard what is it about ?!
I'm really not sure how to explain it. But he gets shot at alot!
Lol! Well that explains the title. Hard killing him lol ?
They try to!
Well I will definately add that to my list to watch . Sounds suspenseful
Live Free or Die Hard is another they try to kill him agian
Is that with 50 cent ?!
No, Bruce Willis!
Hahah totally off! Lol hilarious. Well it was nice talking to yu and thank you for the recommendation ! . Have a great day !
Yeah a little bit! Its okay though! . No problem! . Have a good night! . Goodbye!
Thanks you too! Bye
Hello, how are you? . What type of movies do you like?
Hi! Good . I like horror or thriller movies. Any recommendations?
I watched a good horror movies the other day. Have you seen Freddy vs. Jason ?
No, but I have seen A Nightmare on Elm Street and Friday the 13th . I will have to see that.
Have you seen The Mechanic ? It's one of my favorite thriller movies.
No, I have never heard of that! Sounds cool. . Any other Thriller movies?
Perhaps my all time favorite is The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring . Have you seen that?
Yes. I would say that's more adventure than thriller though haha. . Thanks and have a good one!
Hello there
Hi . I really like comedies . can  you reccomend one . Something like Grease or Step Brothers
Have you seen Step Brothers ? . It is really funny
Yes i Have . its great! . Maybe a musical too . Chicago
If you like that type, you'd probably enjoy Wedding Crashers . It's similar.
I havent seen that one . thats perfect . Thanks!
Oh, a musical? Rent, Romeo & Juliet
Omg perfect i have movies for couple of days now . Thanks bye!
No prob, enjoy!
Hi there . You like movies too?
Hello, how are you? Yes, I like sports and comedy  movies.
I just checked out Bad Moms from the library. It's a comedy. I haven't watched it yet. . Have you seen The Waterboy ? It has sports and its funny. . Or The Sandlot, its older, but sort of a classic.
I haven't seen Bad Moms yet. I have seen The Waterboy.
Did you like it?
I love The Waterboy  and The Sandlot .
Do you like movies about sports that are more of a drama? . Jerry Maguire ? . I don't know if that's considered a sports movie
I have seen and liked Jerry Maguire . He's an agent for a football player so I would say so.
Oh I know, Remember the Titans ! The Blind Side ! . Rocky , . I am a movie recommendation machine.
There are many of them.
My dog has tipped over a can of pop. I must go! Good luck!
Goodbye.
Hi, what genre of movie do you like?
Hello there . I'm trying to think of movies that I like. I like a drama, thriller, sometimes something scary. . I have seen Happy Death Day . and that was okay
Have you seen the one set thrillers, like Room and Saw ? . Buried is like those too.
oh yeah, Saw , I just got the whole series . Buried, is that with ryan Reynolds?
The timeline gets pretty jumbled near the end. . Yes!
I love that movie, but I never found someone else who does.
I do. It's great.
Did you see The Bye Bye Man ? . I was thinking about checking that out.
No, I heard bad review about it though.
oh. hmm. don't know what to watch.
I'd recommend the Room series. . Have a good one!
alright. you too.
Hi, how are you?
Hi . Im good how are you?
Still a little tired, but I'm fine overall. . What kind of movies do you like?
Yea me too! . I like pretty much anything.
What are your 3 favorite genres?
I like comedy and action
Nice, for comedy, have you ever seen This Is the End ?
No, I havent what is it about?
It's about the end of the world, but it was pretty hilarious. . Seth Rogan is in it, Danny McBride
Oh okay!
a whole bunch of comedic actors are in it
Sound like it would be good.
I know Kevin Hart had a part in it, too. . Have you seen Tropic Thunder ?
Yes! That's a good one!
I love that movie. . So ridiculous. . Are you a Ben Stiller fan?
Not really, but I will watch movies he is in.
Gotcha, have you seen There's Something About Mary ?
Yes, I long time ago
If so, did you like it?
I think so, from what I remember. . Meet the Fockers was pretty good!
Yes! . I loved that movie too. . I'm trying to think of the last good recent comedy I saw.
Well thank you for your help!
Anytime! . Have a great day!
You as well! . Goodbye!
Thank you! . Bye!
Hello
Hi, I'm looking for horror or thriller movies.
Oh great.  Did you see any of the Saw  movies?
Yes I have seen them all except Jigsaw !
Same here.  I plan on watching Jigsaw too.  Would it be safe to say you enjoy gore movies?
Sure, do you have any recommendations for those?
I heard The Devil's Candy was pretty gory but I haven't seen it myself yet. Have you?
No I haven't heard of that. . I kind of like Final Destination stuff. But not that much . I will look into The Devil's Candy though.
Me too.  I hear it also has an Amityville Death House  style to it.
Cool. Nice talking with you. :)
Hello
Hi, what movies do you like?
I like mind benders and documentaries.
My favorite little known thriller is Identity
Oh, I haven't heard of that.
The new RBG documentary is good. Ken burns' documentaries are great. . There's a pbs channel with great documentaries.
I watch a lot of Netflix documentaries. . I haven't seen RBG but I'll check into it.
Split is like Identity . Have you seen that?
I believe I saw a trailer for Split sounds familiar but I can't be sure if I've seen it
Room , Buried , and Exam are great little thrillers.
OK. Cool.  I'll check them out.
Have a good one!
Thank you . Thanks you too!
Hi what kind of movies do you like?
Funny movies
Great. Have you seen Girls Trip . I love that movie.  I laughed from beginning to end.
I have, i liked it a lot. Reminded me of Bridesmaids
Yes, it also reminded me of Hangover
Very much, another hilarious movie
Right!
one of my favorite comedies is Pineapple Express . Thanks for the chat. . Have a good day!
Hello have you seen Pulp Fiction ? . It is one of my favorite movies Pulp Fiction
Hi yes, that is a classic! . I love movies like that . Also, Goodfellas
all the mob movies are great like Casino
another one is Casino I tend to enjoy gangster movies
nice me too
yes!!
have you seen the Godfather ? . Its the ultimate classic
I actually hated The Godfather  and never watched any of the others.  It was just too slow lol
they do take some time to finish, theyre all 3 hours plus
Any other good suggestions? . Like the movie Hoodlum for me that was another classic
if you haven't seen it yet, The Departed is great
Thanks, sounds good.
thoes are all good
Take care!
thanks
Hello! How are you?
Fine thanks. . Do you know of any good comedies? . Recent ones? . I saw Hot Tub Time Machine a while back. Maybe something like that?
Have you seen Girls Trip
No, but looking for something to maybe watch with my guy buddies.
Okay what about Jumanji
Like a more modern Harold & Kumar
I thought it was hilarious!
Do you think it would be appropriate for a group of 40 year old men?
Yes i think so . What about Daddy's Home 2
I wish there were more movies like The Hangover I know they like that one . Oh, Daddy's Home 2 ! That's perfect! Thanks so much. I'm going to check for it at the redbox next time I'm out.
I'm not sure I have seen any out like that! . Great!
Have a great day!
You too Bye!
bye
Hello
Hello, I'm looking for a new scary movie to watch. Something like The Ring
Oh! Have you seen Wish Upon ?
I have not, but I watched a review of it and people hated it, haha
What about Happy Death Day ? or The Bye Bye Man ?
I have seen Happy Death Day actually, and I loved it. What about something more like a mystery movie? . I've seen Fracture with Ryan Gosling and loved it
10 Cloverfield Lane is recommended
Oh yes, that looked good. There's a new Cloverfield movie too The Cloverfield Paradox that just came out on Netlfix. . I should check that out too.
Yeah, have yourself a little movie marathon!
Thank you so much. Have a great day.
Happy watching!
Hello there
Hi. How are you?
You like movies? . I'm doing okay . Getting ready to put in Bad Moms
I havent seen that . I like comedy and action
Me neither, but I saw the preview for A Bad Moms Christmas and I thought it looked funny, so I figured I'd start with Bad Moms first . have you seen Deadpool 2 yet?
I havent seen that yet. I have seen Deadpool
a good combination of comedy and action, for sure! . One of my favorites is Scott Pilgrim vs. the World
Yes! . I havent seen that either. What is it about?
Its about a guy who wants to be with this girl, but in order to do so he must fight her 7 exes. And then he meets them and fights them like, pokemon style, or mortal combat style . Its sort of comic book/video game style movie
Wow! Interesting. Seems funny.
Did you like the most recent Ghostbusters ?
It was okay not as good as I thought it would be. . Well thank you for the suggestions! Have a great day! Bye!
You too!
Hi
Hi
How are you?
Good . What kind of movies do you like?
I like comedy and action . Super hero movies
Did you see Avengers: Infinity War ?
Yes I did! Did you! It was good!
Yea :)
Didnt like the ending.
Have you seen those comedy superhero movies like Superbad and Scott Pilgrim vs. the World ?
I have seen Superbad but not a fan . I 'm more of a marvel fan
Do you like Deadpool or Deadpool 2 ?
I have seen the first one but not the second one . I'm also looking forward to Ant-Man and the Wasp . Have you seen Ant-Man
No the only Marvel movie I have seen was Avengers: Infinity War .
In my opinion pretty much all marvel movies are great! You should check some out!
Ok I will. Thanks!
Hi, what kind of movies do you like?
Hey how are you?
Good.
Im open to anything . Just not horror!
I was about to say horror! Haha
Unless it's funny horror!
The new avenger's movie, Avengers: Infinity War is worth checking out.
I have seen it. Great movie!
The House was a good Will Ferrell movie from last year.
Havent seen that one. . He always has funny movies
Swiss Army Man was a low profile, but good movie, too.
What is that one about?
It's with Daniel Radcliffe where he is like a reanimated corpse and he helps a guy stranded on an island. It's wacky. . Mother! with Jennifer Lawrence was good in my opinion.
Yea im not too sure about that one! . Haven't seen that one either . Thank you for all your suggestions, I will definitely check them out thank you!
Have a good one.
Hi, what movies do you like?
Hi . Well, I like scary movies, but I am looking for something family appropriate. . I liked Despicable Me, Despicable Me 2 , and Despicable Me 3 but not Minions . Plus it doesn't have to be animated
Sure, I'd recommend Incredibles 2 and Christopher Robin from this year.
Are those on dvd?
I'd also recommend Coco and Beauty and the Beast from last year. . None of those are
I haven't seen The Incredibles in FOREVER! I'll have to re watch it so that I can be ready for Incredibles 2 to be on dvd . Great suggestions! I'm going to share these ideas with the kids when they get home from school. . Thanks so much!
Have a good one!
You too!
Hi, what movies do you like?
Hi . I like action, comedy, and  click flicks
Did you see Avengers: Infinity War or Deadpool 2 recently?
I havent seen Deadpool 2 but I have seen Deadpool . The first one was hilarious. So I am sure the second one will be too!
Yeah! . Game Night was a good action/comedy movie this year.
I havent seen that one! Thank you for the suggestion! . Have a great day Bye!
Bye!
Hi . How are you?
Hey, I'm doing good . Have you seen any new movies?
Yes I saw Avengers: Infinity War . Have you seen it . I love marvel, anything action really
I haven't but I hear it's pretty good . I just watched the Punisher on Netflix, the show
I heard that is good
It is good. I didn't get too far into it though. I did see Black Panther
Yeah, that was a great movie also.
I wonder what the next Marvel movie will be.
I think Ant-Man and the Wasp . Have you seen Ant-Man
Oh wow, no I haven't seen Ant-Man but it sounds pretty interesting . I never even heard of it
Yeah its pretty funny
There's soo many Marvel characters, jeez. . I'll have to check it out
Great have a good day bye!
bye . !
Hi, what movies do you like?
Hi how are you? . I like anything action, comedy, click flicks
Good. Have you seen The Revenant or Baby Driver
Yes I have seen Baby Driver It was different
Have you seen Hot Fuzz or Blade Runner 2049 ?
No neither. . Are they good
Yes. Hot Fuzz is a VERY clever action/comedy.
Nice! . I will have to check it out . Im always up for a new comedy
The House was good last year. . It's a Will Ferrell comedy.
Havent seen that either! Thank you for the suggestions! Have a good day . Bye!
Bye!
Hi
Hi, I love comedies like super troopers. Do you know of any others like it? . Sorry, I meant Super Troopers I love a good stoner movie.
Have you seen Tropic Thunder
Yes, I loved it . I love movies with Will Ferrell too, like Anchorman
What about Jumanji
Oh, I haven't seen Jumanji but I did see the older Jumanji and loved it.
Or what about Daddy's Home . Yes I have!
No, but I'll check out Daddy's Home  thanks for the suggestion . Have a great day!
Have a great day bye!
Hi, what movies do you like?
Hi, I love a good drama. . Like Cast Away one of my favorites!
Phantom Thread and Lady Bird were good dramas from last year.
I also enjoy mind benders, like Requiem for a Dream and A Beautiful Mind . Oh, I haven't seen those but will check them out.
I like to recommend Identity . It's very good and has a good twist at the end.
Hah. You're the second person to recommend Identity  to me today.  Definitely will add it to my list.
Cool. Have a good one.
Thanks for the suggestions. Take care.
Hi, what kind of movies do you like?
Hi, I'm looking for horror or thriller movies
Have you seen the Saw movies?
Especially alien movies like Aliens  Life and District 9 . . No I haven't
Those are classic horror films, you should check them out, if you don't mind a little gore.
Cool. I will.
How about Scream
No, but I should!
LOL . If you like comedic horror you could also check out Scary Movie
Ok, I will! . Thanks!
Hi, what movies do you like?
Hello . Hello . i'm open to any option . i'm open to any option
Have you seen Lady Bird or Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ?
No, i haven't! Those sound great! . What else could you recommend?
Birdman and the new RBG  documentary for sure.
What are those about? . Are those interesting movies? . i think i wil try them
Birdman is a dark comedy and RBG is a documentary about Ruth Bader Ginsberg. They are both interesting.
Thank you for helping me . Have a nice day see you later
Hi, what movies do you like?
comedy, action, sci fi, thriller, really anything, you?
Avengers: Infinity War , Happy Death Day , Black Panther , A Quiet Place , and Ready Player One were all good from this year.
I recently watch the new Jumanji and it was pretty good! . I also heard The Black Panther was good, I just have not seen it yet!
Yes, you should! . Also Back to the Future is a classic sci-fi movie. . Have you seen any Back to the Future movies?
I love Back to the Future as well! I also want to see the new remake of Overboard
Oh, I haven't heard of that, but it looks good. . Bye!
Hello, how are you?
i'm fine and you? . I'm open to any option, what would you recommend? . i just watched Black Panther  and i loved it
Good. Would you like to watch some old horror movies like Night of Terror, or Frankenstein
Even though sometimes i prefer watching old movies like It . Yeah, i want to!
The old ones are my favorite.
those are my favorite too . like The Mask by Jean Carrey . i could smile a lot!
Although not meant to be scary I also like The Green Mile
What is that about? . It sounds a little bit interesting
It's about someone on death row that's innocent.
i think i will try that one . Thank you for helping me have a nice day
you are welcome.
Good bye, see you later
Hi, what kind of movies do you like?
Hi . How are you?
Good.
I like romantic movies . Like The Notebook
Lady Bird and Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri from last year were good romantic movies!
I havent seen either of those. . I will have to check them out!
You should! And of course La La Land and Love Actually
I have seen both of those! . The songs were a bit much! . But fun movie!
I know what you mean.
I do love a good musical though!
Love Story is a pretty good 70s romance.
Great thanks!
Bye!
Have a good day goodbye!
Hi, how are you?
Hello, i'm awesome and you? . i like Comedy and Action movies, what would you recommend?
Good.
i liked Click by Adan Sandler he is very funny actually
I'd recommend Game Night from this year and Scott Pilgrim vs. the World and Hot Fuzz, which are classic fusions.
What are those about? . i think i have heard a little bit about those movies . Can i watch them with my family?
No. . They are dark comedies.
Oh, so, i must watch them alone . Or at least with someone older?
Things like The Incredibles and Incredibles 2 are good action, comedy, and family movies.
Yeah, thank you for your help and your time . Have a nice day . Good bye
You too!
Hi . How are you?
Hi, good.
I like musicals, do you know of any movies?
Have you seen Grease ?
Yes I have a classic!
The Sound of Music ?
Yes, not a fan though! . I love Dreamgirls
Pitch Perfect ? Is that even a musica;?
More of the modern . Yes, thats great too! . I'm more into the ones that were actually plays. . Like Hairspray
I haven't actually seen that many. . I haven't seen that one
Really? You should check them out! . They are good even if you dont like musicals and songs. . Well it was nice talking to you! Have a great day bye!
Bye
Hi, how are you?
Hello . i'm awesome and you? . i'm open to any movie, what would you recommend? . i like Comedy movies like I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry
I'd probably recommend Birdman , Lady Bird , and War for the Planet of the Apes . Have you seen any of those?
That guy Adan Sandler is really funny
Yeah, I like his movie Click .
i haven't seen Birdman, what is that about? . What about You Don't Mess with the Zohan ? . Did you like it?
It's a dark comedy about a failed actor. . I liked Birdman , yes.
i think i will try that movie, would you recommend anything else?
I'd also recommend American Hustle .
It sounds interesting . Thank you for your help . Have a nice day, good bye
Bye!
Hi . How are you?
Goog, how are you?
Im great! . Im open to any movie. I do like action and comedy the most though.
Adam Sandler movies?
Sure! . The classics are good like The Waterboy
Seen it and loved it.
Me too!
I liked  Grown Ups .
Yes! thats a good one! I liked Chris Rock in it!
Happy Gilmore . Big Daddy also.
Of course! Billy Madison is probably one of my favorites from him! . That one was cute also.
Nice talking with you.
Well thank you for chatting with me! Have a good day! . Bye
Bye
Hello there!
Hi
Tell me what kind of movies would you like to watch?
I'm looking for horror or thriller movies.
What about It the new one and the old one It ? . have you seen them?
I have seen It , but not It .
i can also recommend you Halloween . i think the old one is better
Halloween is great!
And what about Get Out ?
That was a great movie too.
i liked it a lot! It was really interesting
Have you seen any indie horror movies?
Well, i hope i have helped . Enjoy your evening and have a great day . Good bye
Bye.
Hey there! . How are you?
I'm good thanks. Do you have any comedies you could recommend?
Yes have you seen Jumanji
No, I have not seen Jumanji I will have to add that one to my list.
Great! . Its pretty funny . What about Down to Earth . I watched it the other night. I forgot how much I liked it!
I have never heard of Down to Earth I will add that to my list and hopefully see it this wekend. . What about action movies?
Chris Rock is in it!
I love Chris Rock, he is a pretty funny guy.
Have you seen Deadpool . Deadpool 2 just came out!
I keep starting Deadpool get halfway through and then get distracted. I should really sit down and watch it all the way through. . I heard Deadpool 2 was better than the first one
You will not be disappointed! . I think it should be I am excited to see it! . I hoped all these helped! Have a great day! . Bye!
thanks, you as well. goodbye
Hi, how are you?
I’m great.  Have you seen the most recent Avengers: Infinity War movie?
Yes! What other Marvel movies should I see?
The original Iron Man is my favorite by far.  RDJ is as awesome now as he was in the 80s.
Cool, I will check that out.
I seriously slept through Captain America: Civil War both times I watched it. . Thor: Ragnarok was good.   Spoiler Alert: He gets a haircut.
Ok, I will keep that in mind for Captain America: Civil War . I want to see Thor: Ragnarok for sure. . Do you like Guardians of the Galaxy ?
Both of the Guardians of the Galaxy were good movies.  I like how they incorporate old music.
Cool. I will check them out. . Have a good one!
You too!
Hi, how are you?
Hello there! . I'm fine what about you?
I'm good. What movies do you like?
I like Comedy movies as Action movies too . What would you recommed?
I think Hot Fuzz, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World , and The Incredibles are all funny and filled with action.
i watched Deadpool and the new one Deadpool 2 and i liked them a little bit . Those sound really interesting! . But what is Hot Fuzz about? . i think i have heard about it a little..
It's a dark British comedy about a new police officer in a small town. It has a very big twist.
is it interesting?
It's extremely clever.
Wow, i guess i'll watch that one
He's trying to find out who the serial killer is. . Yeah. It's awesome! . It's a good way to kill a few hours.
Thank you for helping me, i will try that one with some friends
Nice. Have a good one.
Have a nice day
Hi, how are you?
Hello . Im good how are you?
I'm good. What movies do you like?
I like anything . Mostly comedy
The House and Game Night are good recent comedies.
I haven't seen either of those!
The Big Sick and The Lego Movie are good also.
Are those both kid movies?
The Big Sick is not.
Okay I will have to check that out!
Cool. Have a good one.
You too goodbye!
Hi!
Hello . i like Marvel movies . like Black Panther and Avengers: Infinity War those are interesting movies
Aquaman will be coming out this summer.   I love the guy who plays Aquaman
i also watched Iron Man 2 and i love his movies he knows how to make a movie and actually he is very funny . i haven't watched . is it interesting? . Can i watch it with my friends?
I haven't either but I plan on it.
So, was it already thrown?
I like DC movies as well Wonder Woman was the best.
i think i will look out for that one! . i have heard a lot of friends talking about that movie. It should be really interesting
And Justice League  was awesome.
i watched it, i can not forget that movie
I liked seeing all the different characters together in that movie.
Me too, i can not get boring with that movie . Thank you for your help . good bye
Goodbye!
Have a nice day
Hello
Hi.
Tell me what kind of movies would you like to watch?
I like horror and thriller movies, especially from the 80s. . What would you recommend?
Have you seen Halloween ?
Yes. I like the sequels too.
have you seen The Omen ?
No, I've never heard of that!
it is pretty interesting . But don't you like new movies like Get Out ?
Yeah, of course! I've seen that.
did you like it?
Yes, very much.
What about The Texas Chain Saw Massacre ? . Have you seen that one?
That is my favorite. I love the last scene.
i could enjoy it too. . Well, i hope i have helped!
Thanks. I'm checking out The Omen  right now. . Bye.
Have a nice day and enjoy you evening
Hello
Hi.
Tell me what kind of movies would you like to watch?
I like horror and thriller. Especially low budget like The Boy and Don't Breathe .
Have you seen The Babadook ?
No, but I want to!
What about The Cabin in the Woods ?
Yes, I like that one.
I really Enjoy The Cabin in the Woods
Yeah, me too.
Have you seen Raw ? it is pretty scary
No, I haven't heard of that. . Thanks for the suggestions.
Bye . You welcoome . Welcome
Hello
hello
i'm open to any option
Have you seen Steel Magnolias ? . I cry every time.  Love it
No, what is it about? . It sounds interesting
several generations of women and their trials.  Terms of Endearment  is similar.
So, i should try both?
Yes!
What else would you recommend? Something i can watch with my family and smile a lot.
Or are you more into action movies? . We like Flicka  A story about a girl and a horse. . We also enjoyed War Horse    The animation of the horse is so lifelike
i watched it! It is really interesting. . I haven't seen that one, i think i will try them . Thank you for helping me . Have a nice day, good bye
Bye!
Enjoy your evening
Hi . How are you
Hello I am wel! . What's your favourite movie?
Dreamgirls
Ah, yes, I liked that too.
What kind of movies do you like?
I like scary movies, The Shining is my favourite. . I also loved It last summer.
Oh no! I cant do scary movies! . I like action and comedy also.
Well I love comedies too! Have you seen Bridesmaids?
Yes! Loved it.
So funny!
I wonder if they would make a second one.
I hope so! I'd go see it.
I liked Girls Trip have you seen it? . me too!
I just saw it! I thought it was pretty funny! . Well I better run!
Thanks for chatting bye!
Bye!
Hello there! . I'm open to any movie . What would you recommend?
hello there! Have you seen Coco ? . It is a great family movie! My kids love it. . Do you have kids?
Yeah! I loved that movie i could cry in that movie but someone else was with me, haha. . Yes,i have a little one . What would you recommend?
That's funny! I also love Frozen . . What movies do you enjoy?
I like comedy movies like Click  by Adan Sandler
He is hilarious! I enjoy his movies.
Yeah, i like too, but there is a movie i really enjoy but i don't know its name, is a movie where Adan Sandler has to be gay for his bestfriend . They are fireman in that movie!
He does the voice in Hotel Transylvania 2
Did he? I did not know that
Oh I havent seen it. . Yes he is Dracula
Wow, i think i will try that one . I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry that's is the movie i'm talking about
Oh! Ha ha! That's hilarious!
Well, thank you for your time and your help, i will try your last suggestion . Have a nice day . Good bye
Hello! . What kind of movies do you like?
Hi
Action Romance Sci fi?
Romance like The Notebook
Safe Haven  was a lovely movie.
I have not. Who is in it?
Julianne Hough  she's adorable
Oh okay I'll have to check it out
The Lucky One has Zach Efron in it . all the good ones are based on books
I dont think I have seen that one.
And don't forget Titanic
Yes I would agree with that! . Of course a classic!
You took the words right out of my mouth.
It was nice chatting with you
yes!  Have a good day!
Have a good day Goodbye!
Hello there!
Hello! Have you seen Deadpool 2 ?
Yeah, i have seen Deadpool too
Do you like that movie?
i liked more the old one . Sure, i did
I did! It was funny. Oh yes, I liked the old Deadpool  too! . Do you like comedies?
He was very funny . He knows how to make people smile . Have you seen I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry ?
Ghostbusters is a funny one!
I haven't seen that one
I haven't but its funny I heard.
I think i will try it
You should see Ghostbusters .
Yeah, it is really funny as Click . I will! . Thank you for your help . Have a nice day . Good bye, see you later
Hi!
Hi, what kind of movies do you like?
How are you/?
I just watched Black Panther  and it was amazing.
I like action, romance,  and comedy.
I'm great, thank you for asking.
Really? Yes I agree it was very good. . Anything marvel I'm game!
Oh that's great.  While Knocked Up  wasn't reviewed well, I enjoyed it.  Have you seen it?
Yes, it was just okay to me.
Oh yes! I need to watch Avengers: Infinity War asap.  have you seen it?  If so how'd you lik eit?
Yes and yes! It was so good! . I saw it twice already! . Looking forward to Ant-Man and the Wasp . Marvel just keeps them coming!
That's awesome.  I hear Deadpool 2  was great.  That's Marvel right?
Yes it is! . It should be good! . Nice chatting with you have a good one! . Bye!
Same have a great day!
Hello . How are you? . What kind of movies would you like to watch?
Hi Did you ever watch Moana ? . It's such a great movie! I love all things Disney.
No, i have not watched neither heard . What is it about? . Have you seen Get Out ?
It's a cartoon animation. . I have not seen Get Out, but I will watch it. . Do you recommend it for kids and adults?
Adults, it is a little scary
I see! Have you seen Shrek ?
I can recommend you Click for kids and adults . Of course! I loved those movies
yes watch Frozen
i will! i hope i have helped . Have a nice day and enjoy your evening . Good bye, see you later
Have you seen Hellboy ? . Do you like action movies?
Yeah
I also recommend movies with Tom Cruise as the actor.
He knows how to make movies . That movie is very interesting
Did you see him in The Mummy ? . Yes it is!
Of course, i loved that movie
Also Mission: Impossible  . all the sequels are great too! . Have you seen Moulin Rouge!  with Nicole Kidman? . Do you like her as an actress?
Yeah, i enjoy Mission: Impossible . No, i haven't . What is that movie about?
I hope you enjoyed our conversation! Good bye.
Hi
Hi
How are you? . Im open to any movie
I’m good how are you ?!
Im good! . What kind of movies do you like?
Have you seen Black Panther ??
Yes I have It was good!
Yess I loved it I seen it 3 times I think I’m done lol . What about Avengers: Infinity War
Lol its that good though! . Ive seen Avengers: Infinity War twice now!
Really! I want to see it . I heard from so many people that they were disappointment :(
So good! . Yea just in the ending but it was overall really good! . There will be another one next summer so we can see what happens! . Deadpool 2 should be good also!
I’m excited for Deadpool 2 !!!
Have you seen Deadpool
Yessss!!!
I hear the second one should be better then the first!
I’m excited because, I really enjoyed the first one
Me too! . It was nice chatting with you have a good day! . Bye!
Nice chatting bye!
Hello
Hi
How are you ?
Im fine. You?
I’m good! What kind of movies do you like?
I like comedy
Omg me tooo one of my favorite Mr. Deeds
Really? I havent seen that in a while but I thought it was just okay. . I do like Adam sandler though.
Really ?! Lol I just couldn’t not stop laughing! . Have you seen  Vacation
I dont think so. Who is in that?
Can think of the known actor right now but it’s  good I highly recommend !
Okay great Ill check it out!
Yes it’s real cool especially if you like comedy! . Well it was a pleasure talking to you :) bye
Have you seen Down to Earth
No whose in it?!
Its Chris Rock!
Haha I’m surprise I haven’t heard of it lol I have to add It to my movie list
It's pretty funny I like him! . Death at a Funeral is a good one of his too!
Me too! I haven’t seen much of him though . Yes!! Death at a Funeral was super good I watched it with my sister
Well it was nice to talk to you! . Bye!
Nice talking to yu too bye
Hi, how are you? . What kind of movie's do you like?
Hi. Im good how are you?
I'm great, thanks!
I like comedy and action
Nice.  Have you seen Mad Max: Fury Road there's a lot of action in it.
No I havent. Did you like it?
Yes, it was visually nice as well. . Have you seen Guardians of the Galaxy  and Guardians of the Galaxy ? . I loved those movies!
You know, I have seen the second one but not the first!
Oh wow, you gotta see it!
So things are a bit out of order but I liked it!
I've seen the first Deadpool and hear the new Deadpool 2 is amazing. . Have you seen either of those?
I have seen the first. . Im looking forward to the second!
Nice, well take care. Nice chatting with you.
Thanks for the suggestions . Bye!
Bye.
Are you interested in seeing a good movie
Yeah . What can you recommend me? . I like comedy movies as Action movies
Would you like a comedy or action
Whatever you know more . i liked Get Out and i think it is a horror movie
I would recommend Spaceballs
i also liked Click which was made by Adan Sandlar . Sandler, sorry. What is that movie about?
Click was very funny
Yeah, i could enjoy that movie a lot!
Spaceballs is a spoof of star wars, with John Candy and Mel Brooks.
But i don't remember the name of the movie where he has to marry his bestfriend . They are Fireman in the movie . It sounds interesting!
50 First Dates was that movie
I guess so, well thank you for your time . I will try that movie, have a nice day . Good bye
You're welcome.  So I would recommend Click . I would also recommend Home Alone . Good bye
Yeah, Thank you! . Good bye! . i haven't seen that one
Hi . are you looking for a movie?
Yeah . Yeah . What would you recommend me?
What types of movies do you like?
I like Action and Comedy movies
Have you seen Thor: Ragnarok it has action and is very funny.
No, i haven't seen that one but i have heard it is pretty interesting
I liked it alot. . An older movie that was very funny was Rat Race
It sounds really funny
It was I think you would like it. . I hope these suggestion were helpful!
I would have to try, what else would you recommend? . You need to make two more . You need to make two more
I also liked Get Him to the Greek
Have you seen Get Out ? . It was really interesting
No I have not seen that move yet. I heard it was very good though.
Thank you for helping me
Its on my to watch list
Have a nice day, good bye
you are welcome!
See you later!
Hello!
Hi . How are you?
I’m great ! Yourself?! . What type of movies are you into?
I like action and comedy? . What about you?
Omg me too!! And a little drama . What was the last comedy you saw?
I think Jumanji
With Kevin Hart right?! How did you like Jumanji
Yes! I liked it, it was pretty funny
I haven’t seen it yet
You should!
I will have to add that to my list to watch then !! Over this weekend . Have you watch Black Panther
Yes! Loved it!
Or The Commuter . Me too I seen it 3 I believe I’m black panther out lol
I havent seen that one. What is it about?
It’s  about a man he works downtown NY for an insurance company I believe he commutes to the city because he lives upstate NY, pretty much he wasn’t laid off and he meets this woman who gives him a deal to make money almost too good to Be true, but it wasn’t a set up the whole time
Sounds like a good one! . I'll check it out! . Know of any murder mystery?
It’s super good! . I really haven’t seen any recent one at lately
Okay no worries they dont come out with those really anymore I do like Clue
I know !! I’m like sitting herw trying to think of one
Living the board game!!
Oh wow if that’s not the case I would probably like it!
Yeah for sure! . Well it was nice chatting with you!
Thanks for the recommendation!
Bye!
You too bye :)
Hello!
Hi
Need help finding a good movie?
How are you? . Yes! . I like mysteries. Do you know of any?
Oh, mysteries are good.
I like action also!
Have you seen Murder on the Orient Express ? . That's a newish one
Yes I have! Although I was a little disappointed. I thought it would be better.
Or The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, that is both action and mystery
I havent seen that but I have heard of it
Or Sherlock Holmes ?
I did see that one it was okay. . Have you seen Clue
I have not. Seems weird. Board game movie.
It's not really. I thought it was good
Shutter Island is mystery/thriller
Yes that one was good!
Yeah, I liked it too . Gone Girl
Well it was nice talking to you. Thank you for the suggestions! . Bye!
bye.
Hi, what movies do you  like?
Hi . Hows it going?
Good.
I like pretty much anything but horror! . Anything recent that you have seen?
Sure, I've seen the new Avengers: Infinity War and Lady Bird and RBG which is an indie documentary about Ruth Bader Ginsberg. . I'd recommend all of them.
Ive seen them all but Lady Bird . Are you a marvel fan
Not really. . Isle Of Dogs was good also.
Ok. What is it about?
It's the new Wes Anderson movies that's animated. . About an island of dogs basically.
That doesnt sound interesting to me
Yeah, it had a little acquired taste. . Well, you should definitely check out Lady Bird ! . Have a good one.
Hi, what kind of movie are you looking for?
hi . mystery or action
Do you like superhero movies?
Yes! . Avengers: Infinity War was great! . Cant wait for Ant-Man and the Wasp
Have you seen Black Panther?
Of course! Loved it! . I need to see it again!
How about Deadpool 2?
No. I havent seen that one I have seen Deadpool
I hear it's pretty good.
I am sure the second will be funny! . Thanks for chatting! Have a good one! . Bye!
Hi, what kind of movies do you like best?
Hi . Hi . How are you? . Romance, comedy, and action . Sorry my computer was messing up
I'm good. Did you see Avengers: Infinity War?
Yes I did!
How did you like it?
It was good except the ending!
Have you seen Maze Runner: The Death Cure?
No! How is that?
I haven't seen it yet, but my friend liked it.
Ill have to check it out! . I like the The Notebook . Romance ones like that . Maybe a romantic comedy like Hitch
There don't seem to be many romance movies out lately.
No not really but they dont have to be recent . Well it was nice talking to you. Enjoy your night! Bye!
Goodnight!
Hi! How are you
Hi . Im good and you? . What kind of movies do you like?
I’m great :) . I’m open but I really enjoy comedy amen actionwhat about you? . And*
Im with you! I like anything! Have you seen Jumanji
Noo! Not yet I just never got around to seeing it but I heard Its great!
It so funny you have to see it! Kevin Hart is great! . What about Deadpool
I bet! I love Kevin Hart! Yess Deadpool is amazing !!!
What about Deadpool 2 . I heard it is even better!
Have you seen San Andreas
No whats that?
Seriously!! No I haven’t seen it but I’m excited now! . It’s with the Rock! It’s not about the San adreas fault in California i . and how it erupted really good!
oh wow! Never even heard of it!
You have to check it out ! . It was great talking to you !
You too bye!
I will have to check out Deadpool 2 . Bye !
Hi! How’s it going !
Hi . How are you?
I’m doing great! And yourself ?
Good! Enjoying the sun!
Ahhh I wish it was sun here lol!!
Im open to any movie
What was the latest movie you seen?
Avengers: Infinity War . I saw it twice!
How was it?? I haven’t seen it yes. I was told by people that it was good but they were disappointed . I bet you seen Black Panther
Yes, sadly true. . Yes love it . I want to see it agian
Lol ahhh I’m still excited to see it! . I seen it 3 times I’m black panther out lol
Its still good, just not the ending . Just a warning!
Yeah the ending was like really are you serious such a downfall . Have you seen The Commuter
But there will be another this summer so hopefully they can redeem themselves. . No i havent
That’s probably their plan! Trying to reel Us back in lol
Yes!!
It’s good ! It’s an action movie it actually Came out this year . Well it was super nice talking to you !
Im looking forward to Ant-Man and the Wasp
Me too I seen a preview pretty hype about it
you too! have a good night! Bye!
Thanks you too! Bye
Hello!
Hi! Do you know of any good comedies?
I loved Jumanji
I saw Jumanji, but not the new one.
And Vacation . You have to see this one !!! Sooo funnny
Yeah, the original National Lampoon's Vacation is a classic. Saw it when I was a kid.
Not sure if I seen it! I will definately add it to my list!
I haven't gotten around to seeing the new one yet, but it looked good from the previews. . National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation is really funny, too. Have you seen that one?
Yes I love the Christmas one !!! Watch it every year lol
Chevy Chase cracks me up. I liked him in Foul Play with Goldie Hawn.
Yes! I just love watching a great movie with great sense of humor ! . Make sure everything enjoyable
Me too.
Well it wasn’t nice talking to you :) . Have a great night ! Bye
Same here. Goodnight!
Hello
Hi!
How are you?
I’m great and you?
Tell me what kind of movies would you like to watch? . i'm awesome
I like comedy and action
i just watched Click by Adan Sandler and i loved, have you seen it?
Omg I love that movie I love Adam Sandler!  That movie is funny and hasn’t a great lesson too!
What about You Don't Mess with the Zohan ? It was made by Adan Sandler too
No I didn’t see that one ! Have you seen Mr. Deeds
Yes, i have it is very funny and interesting . What about American Pie ? . Have you watched it? . It is really funny . Well, i hope i have helped . Have a nice day and enjoy your evening . Good bye, see you later
Have a nice day goo . Bye
Hi
Hi
How are yu
How are you? . i'm awesome
I’m good!
Tell me what kind of movies would you like to watch?
I like comedy, and action !
i watched Black Panther and i loved it . Have you seen it?
Omg me tooo !! I watched it like 3 times
Have you seen It the new one and It the old one? . Those are really interesting movies
No I haven’t ! What is t about ?
What about Get Out ? . Which movie would you like to know?
Get out wasn’t good but weird l
There are people who don't like those kind of movies
Have you seen The Commuter
Yeah, i have . i hope i have helped . Have a nice day, enjoy your evening . Good bye
It was interesting, I watched it with my grandma she’s like like what  this late ok bye
Hello . How are you?
Hi !
i'm open to any option . What would you recommend?
I’m good how are you ?
i'm awesome
Have you seen Get Out
Yes, i like it a little . Have you seen Black Panther ?
It was weird lol
That guy who made Get Out was in the same movie
Yes I seen it 3 time !
Hahaha, it was interesting
Yeah he was I didn’t need like him in black panthers
Have you seen Scary Movie ? . I like Comedy Movies
Yes lol super funny . Me too !! Have you seen Jumanji
Like American Pie and Click by Adan Sandler . Yes, i have, i loved that movie
Yess love Ad Sandler’s !!! Such a good movie
He knows how to make people smile
Have you seen Mr. Deeds
No, i have not, i think i will try that one
Yes he does !! One of my favorite actor
Thanks, have  a great day i will try Mr. Deeds
Yes you have too ;)
Good bye
Bye you too!
Hello there! . How are you? . Tell me what kind of movies do you like?
I'm doing pretty good! Yourself?
i'm very well, thanks!
i like all kinds, but lately I have been looking for good action movies.
What about Avengers: Infinity War ?
Is that a Marvel movie?
Have you seen it? A lot of people have been talking about it . Yes, it is the Marvel movie . I can recommend you Man of Steel
Ah! I like some of the Marvel movies. For example, I liked Doctor Strange
And did you like Iron Man 2 ?
I heard that Man of Steel was very good!
What about Spider-Man: Homecoming the new one . A lot of people don't like it
I did not see Iron Man 2 but I did see Iron Man and enjoyed it!
The most of the people like the old ones
I liked Spider-Man and have not seen that sequel.
Me neither haha, i hope i have helped you . Enjoy your evening
You did! Thanks so much! Have a great rest of your day!
Have a nice day, good bye
Hi.
Hello!
I'm looking for horror/thriller movies
Friday the 13th  is a bit campy now but a classic.
Yes, I have seen that. I enjoy 80s slasher movies.
What about something a bit more recent than the 80's like Scream
I haven't seen Scream , but I should check it out
Winchester  was suspenseful.  You can go see the real house in California.
Yes! I saw that too. I liked it.
The most frightening movie ever will always be The Exorcist
Haha, I know what you mean. I like that movie too. . My favorite horror type movie was It Follows .
I haven't hear of that one.  I'll have to check it out.
It's beautiful. . Anyway, have a good. . gday
You too!
Hello!
Hi. . I'm looking for small budget horror/thrillers like It Follows .
Curse of the Blue Lights is a B movie for sure.
I've never heard of that. I'll check it out!
Empire of the Ants freaked me out as a child
Nice. Those look like Killer Clowns from Outer Space . Like kinda funny how silly they are.
Ha ha   The name says it all
Cool. Have a good one.
what about Snakes on a Plane      Have you seen that?  would you consider that budget thriller?
Yes. I would :) . I saw it.
Hi
Hello I like fun family movies. . I liked the The Good Dinosaur . It was so sweet! . What do you watch? . Have you seen Inside Out ? . If you have children I recommend The Lion King .
Oh, I liked that movie. Let's see, I watched The Boss Baby  and I did watch Inside Out . I already seen it, The The Lion King was amazing
Yes that was a great movie. . I watched it too. . Im glad you like them.
Thanks
ok, Good bye.
Bye
Hi I like family movies! . Have you watched Cars 2 ?
Hello!
I even rode the ride at Disneyland. I also liked Ratatouille .
Yes I love the whole cars series ! Have you seen Finding Dory
Do you like those movies? . Yes that movie was awesome.
Yess I love Disney movies ! Pixar
I like Ellen Degeneres.
Finding Nemo is still the best though
Yes The Incredibles was good too! . Yes that was amazing too!
I heard here coming out with Incredibles 2
I cant wait to see it. . Will you watch it?
Me either !!! Yess of course I’ll probably go with my aistwr
I hope this helped. good bye!
Sister* . Yes it has bye
Hi!
I  like family oriented movies. . I hope you are doing well, do you have kids that like watching A Bug's Life ?
I like comedy and action . Have you seen Christmas with the Kranks . No but I grew up watching it !
Do they like 101 Dalmatians II: Patch's London Adventure ? . I see!
Such a good movie lol . Yesss! I just didn’t like the evil lady lol
Thats funny.
Have you seen Elf
I have not. But will see it.
It’s great !!!! You will love it . Have you seen Antz
I have and its great!
Yess ! So good I have not watched it in a while though!
Thanks good bye.
Nice talking to
Hello
Hi l like tear jerker movies. . I like  Happy Christmas . . Have you seen it?
Awee ! Have you seen The Notebook . Yes very good movie I enjoyed it a lot
I also like A Far Off Place  with Reese Witherspoon. . I did not see notebook.
Ohhh I love her but I never seen it I will add it to me list
I heard a lot about how good it is though! . A Goofy Movie is fun with the kids.
It’s really good definately a tear jerker for sure !!
Do you have kids?
No ! But I have a younger sister !
Take them to see A Wrinkle in Time  . I have sisters too. . We like Aladdin .
I’ll watxh it with her lol have you seen Elf
have you seen it? No I have not seen Elf.
Ahh love Aladdin and Tarzan
Yes Tarzan!!!
Ahhhh I highly recommend watching Elf-Man sooooo funny sooo good for family too . Well great talking to you have a great day bye :)
Good bye
Hi I like kid movies. . How are you?
Hey, good. . Have you seen The Lego Movie ?
Have you watched Showboy ? . Yes lego movie was great! . Have you seen Z movie ?
No I haven't.
I am ok with those. . What is funny is Puppets . . Lol. . Do you know of any scary movies?
Yes like Scream
Wow thats a good one. . I get scared watching them lol, but still do.
Yeah, I like horror
bye.
Bye buddy
Hi how's it going?
Hi going good you?
Good, good.
What type of movies u like ?
I like scary movies . and time travel movies. . I like Back to the Future
Oh cool have you seen Once Upon a Time
Yes, that was good. . Have you seen Looper
Yes great movie ! . No I haven’t seen Looper ! I’ll check it out though!
I like the time travel in The Terminator . Have you seen that?
Yes! I enjoyed it ! Such a classic
Nice.
Yes! Well
Bye
Nice talking to you ! . Bye
hi . I like various movies.
Hi ! How are you
What do you like? Im fine.
Nice have you seen The Commuter . I like comedy and action
No. But I will see it. Have you seen Goosebumps ? . It was fun to watch.
No did you enjoy it ? . I will have to add that to my list then :) . Have you seen Elf
Comedy, I recommend Mary Poppins . Yes, I enjoyed it. . No not seen it.
Supercalifraglious . Lol
LOL . You should watch The Grinch .
There’s a new one ?! . Yeah I will definately have to watch it
ok, bye!
Nice chatting with you bye
Hi how are you
Hi I like fun movies.
What type of movies are you into
I am fine. . I like fun movies.
Have you seen Jumanji
I love to laugh.
Me too!!!!
Yes, that was a good movie!
What about Elf
I have seen it with my kids but didnt like the sex part lol. . No not watched Elf. . I have seen Jumanji . It was exciting!
Ahhh I recommend elf then just a funny movie for families
I also liked Up . Ok I will see it.
Aweee UP made me cry lol
I also like Homecoming . . Have you seen it?
I haven’t seen homecoming . I’ll add that to my list !
bye
Hi how are you
Hi! I am fine . I like fun movies . you?
Me too love comedy
I like Funny Things Happen Down Under
Have you seen Jumanji
I also like Go
Haven’t seen that one
I cried though at Land of the Lost
Really awe :( I have to check these movies out !
But I recommend watching Diary of a Wimpy Kid
Love a good movie
What should I watch?
Hahah that was a good one
Is Click good?
If you haven’t seen Elf lf I recommend and Vacation . Click is very good with Adam Sandler ! A little sad
Ok will try seeing them.
Have you seen Fun with Dick and Jane
Thanks for telling me about these. . Awesome suggestions.
No proble
Bye friend.
Bye :)
hello . do you know of any good sports movies?
hello there. . yes, you should watch Football . . It is good!
not like The Blind Side though, something funny
You can also watch Run .
Are those funny?
I should watch blind side. . They can be. . You should watch Switching Goals .
I liked The Waterboy, I like silly sports movies like that.
I like all sorts of movies. . Yes, that was funny! . He is so hilarious.
Yeah, cool. I'll look up some of those. I haven't heard of any of them. . Thanks for your time.
bye
Hi there. Do you like movies?
hi . I like fun movies . i like Homecoming . I also like House . Do you like those?
like Billy Madison ?
I like scary movies . Oh cool! . I like Breathe
Scary Movie
That's a good one.
that's fun and scary both.
It's silly too, lol . yes . Also Pigeon . It's a good watch.
I haven't heard of those movies you recommend.
I also want to cry at movies . I like The Sowers
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. I think that is supposed to be a tear jerker.
yes!! . Thanks for telling me about it
No problem.
bye
bye.
hi
How is it going!?
I like all sorts of movies . I like fun movies a lot
Me too. Variety.
I like Ho! . LOL . I also like Josette
Revenge of the Nerds
Have you seen them? . That's a fun one the nerds movie . I love to laugh
Yeah, me too. Laughter is the best medicine! . I love Josette!
I like  Jumping for Joy . Yes! . I sometimes watch sad movies . Have you seen Voices of Spring
And musicals!
yes!!
La La Land is amazing. . Voices of Spring is a classic. Glad you mentioned it.
bye
hi
Hi! How are yoy
I love watching movies
You
I am fine
Me too! Have you seen Black Panther
I can watch anything like Justice . No but I should see it
Love love Justice
Have you seen Blood Diamond
It’s really good !
yes! . Its good . I agree
No is it good ?! . Is it action movie?
You should see Knifer . Yes . Fun to past the time.
What is knifer about!
Also, watch The Pool Boys
I totally agree with you :)
Action, . but laugh at Waterboys
Pool boys okay ! I’ll add it to my list sounds pretty good! . Hahaha waterboy was great! Have you seen The Commuter
no, but I will now . bye
Bye
hi
Hi how are you?
I love all movies . I am fine
I like comedy and action
I have seen Up . It's good . yes comedy is fun . action is fun too . I like Blade Runner . You seen it?
Yesss soo good . I haven’t seen blade runner
I also want to watch more disney movies like Incredibles 2 . I want to see it when it comes out
Me too!!! I’m excited to watch it ! . Have you seen Elf
I cant wait to see Deadpool . I have not seen Elg . Elf I mean
Super funny and good with will ferrel
sorry about the misspelling, but I can watch christmas movies all day . I like Santa Baby
Me too! And no worries :)
They are so fun!
I love Christmas to can’t wait for the season ! . Nice talking to you bye :)
bye
Hello
hi . I like all movies
How are you
I like to laugh . I am fine . I like Up
Have you seen Elf
It was fun and sad . Not el . Elf
Or Fun with Dick and Jane
But I can . Yes thats a great one! . I want to see it again
It’s a funny movie I watch it every year
I like Punch . Yes I should watch it every year too
Haha I know !!! Have you seen Eight Crazy Nights
That seems like a fun movie . Not seen it though
I haven’t seen Punch! But I will definately check it out :)
I can watch Jiggs and Maggie in Society . Yes! . Oh I want to be scared! . Like Dark Sea . What else should I watch?
Lol !!! I don’t know too many scary movies except for Dark Water
Ok
That was pretty good!
That's a good recommendation
Have you seen it ?!
How about Hellboy II: The Golden Army ? . No . but I can see it now
Yes I seen hellboy! . Thanks for he recommendations :)! Bye!
ok bye
Hi
Hello, how are you? I'm looking for a funny movie to watch. My favorite is Super Troopers
What kind of movies do you like? . I really liked The Big Sick
I've heard of that, thank you. Is that serious like The Wolf of Wall Street ? . I've heard of that, thank you. Is that serious like The Wolf of Wall Street ?
If you're into animated movies, The Lego Batman Movie was also very funny
I like animated movies too. I'll have to check that out.
The Big Sick was funny and heartwarming. It was nominated for a few awards, too . Jumanji was funny, too . I hope you have a nice day, goodbye
I have seen that, thank you!
Hello there
Hi
Movies sure are great!
I'm looking for slasher movies
Have you seen Leatherface ? Its like a prequel.
No, but I really want to! I've seen The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2 of course
Or Cabin Fever . I think that one's on netflix
Oh, I haven't heard of that. I'll check it out
What's your favorite slasher movie?
Probably Scream
the Saw franchise is good, not sure if its technically slasher. Jigsaw is the most recent one.
Yeah, I haven't seen those, but I'll check them out. . thanks!
Yeah, Scream 2 is the best. . No problem! Have a great day.
Hi, how are you?
Great, do you have any good comedy suggestions?
Sure, there's Ghostbusters or Anchorman  or Borat . . Have you seen any of those?
Ghostbusters is a classic, i watched it decades ago. Would definitely enjoy anything similar to it. Borat i didn't like it, comedy there is vulgar. Haven't seen Anchorman , did you like it?
Yes Anchorman  is definitely a classic. . Borat has good social commentary, but I understand it's not for some. . Stripes and Beetlejuice are both from the same era and have a similar feel as Ghostbusters
You are right Borat is not for everyone. I would watch Anchorman   based on your suggestion. I absolutely loved Beetlejuice , story is phenomenal and great humor throughout the film.
Yes! I love Beetlejuice too. . Have a good one.
hello . I recommend fun movies to you! . Do you like Up ? . It is really sweet to watch with kids as well . Also I recommend Jumanji for adventure . That is safe for kids too . Do you like The Avengers ? It's action filled and fun . If not, you can watch Annie about a sweet little girl. . have you seen these? . They are all great movies.
Hi. Yes, you are right. I watched Up . It's a great moovie. My daughter loved it. Will you recommend me something similar?
YES!
I've never watched Annie ? Is it save to watch with kids? . I enjoyed watching The Avengers
Yes, Penguins of Madagascar . Me too, bye
hello . Do you like disney movies? . I recommend Aladdin .
Hi
It's such a fun movie. . You can also watch The Lion King .
Yeah, of course. i like those kind of movies
And there is also The Little Mermaid .
That sounds great! . Anything else?
All kids love Frozen whether you are a boy or girl. . You can watch these!
I will try them! . Thank you for helping me and your time.
bye
Have a nice day, good bye
hi . I love all movies. . You do too? . You like sports?
Hi. Do you have any moovie suggestions?
or Family?
Family please
Yes, watch, Coco , its the best! . Also, Lady and the Tramp is great too!
I've watched Coco . I loved it. Any other suggestions?
And The Avengers is something to watch with guys!
I didn't really like Lady and the Tramp . It was too boring.
Cars is a fun one for boys. . yes you are right . bye
hello . What do you like to watch? . Are you a movie fan enthusiast?
I'm open to any option
If so, you can watch, Ant-Man . It's a good one.
Hello, what woul you recommend?
You can watch Star Wars as well.
i have not seen it, is it interesting?
People tell me to watch Elf but I have not seen it but I hear its good.
You mean Star Wars ? . What is that about?
Spaceships. . Nutcracker is a ballet and its nice to see
I guess i could try it.
Especially for the holidays. . Yes, you should. . I hope I helped you out.
Thanks, bye . Have a nice day, see you later
bye
hi there.
Hello there
Do you like any movies? . What is your favorite? . Do you like Ant-Man ? . it is action.
I like comedy movies and action movies like Click and Black Panther
Also, lately a good one you can watch is A Wrinkle in Time  with your kids. . Yes, that's a good one. . I want to see it. I heard good things.
I haven't seen but i could try . It is really good you should watch it
Maybe you can see What Women Want . It's funny. . Also, Here Comes the Bride, My Mom! . . That's funny too. . Ok I can.
I will try them!
You can also watch, Man-Proof .
Thanks for your time . Have a nice day, good bye
When you are bored, go see, Killing Time . . bye
Hello there! . Tell me what kind of movies would you like to watch?
hi . Up is a great one, It makes me cry.
i just watched Get Out and i liked it
I also like A Wrinkle in Time  that came out barely. . I should watch get out. . Seems good to me.
What about The Cabin in the Woods ?
I want funny or action movies. . I like family too. . Ok I can try it. . Thanks for those.
And Coco ?
What else? . Ok. . Very good!
Have you seen it?
Yes and I cried and laughed.
You can also try Man of Steel . I almost cried too . I hope i have helped
thanks bye
Have a nice day, see you later
hi
Hello there-1
I like all types of movies. . I can watch scary or romantic. . I can watch comedy or action too. . I have kids so anything family friendly.
What about Click which was made by Adan Sandler
What should I watch. . Yes I can go watch that. . That's a good recommendation. . What else?
Have you seen Coco ?
OK I can see that too. I watched it but I can see it again. . What else?
And what about I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry ? . Have you seen Get Out ?
Ok I will watch that with my friend. . What else?
What about I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry ? it is really funny . I hope i have helped!
wow all great!
Good bye
thanks for telling me about them . bye
Have a nice day
Hello there! . i'm open to any option . I like comedy and action movies . I just watched Click  and Get Out and i liked them
Great you should check out The Avengers
I will! It sounds really interesting . I will! It sounds really interesting
if you'd like Click you will enjoy Bruce Almighty.
I guess so! . Anything else?
I haven't seen the Get Out i heard it was brilliant . Did you see Fast & Furious
That sounds great! Thank you for you help. . Have a nice day! . Bye
bye
See you later
Have a great day
Hello there! . I am open to any option . hWhat would you recommend?
I'd recommend The Mummy
I just watched I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry and i could smile a lot! . That sounds good! . Anything else?
I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry is a great flick. If that's your genre you should watch Wedding Crashers. You will be laughing throughout the entire movie.
I hope so, that is what i want to! . Would you recommend anything else?
Did you see the new Avengers: Infinity War
No, i haven't seen but i have heard it is really good . Well, thank you for you time and for helping me
It's a great movie with huge budget. One the best in it's genre. . I am glad i could help. Have a great day.
Have a nice day, i will watch it . Good bye
Hi how are you? Did you see The Last Airbender?
HI. Im good! . Yes I have. . It was okay.
It's not for everyone, do you like fantasy/sci-fi?
Not really. I do like action though.
Ali - is a good action film with nice acting.
Yeah, I am a big Will Smith fan it was a good movie. . My favorite was The Pursuit of Happyness . Even though there were some sad parts, there was a happy ending
Do you like a good old classic Men in Black
Yes i did!
Absolutely, The Pursuit of Happyness hit all the right spots, i like it too. . Did you watch Men in Black II?
Yes I did. Wasnt as good as the first but I will watch anything with him in it!
I think Men in Black 3 was better than Men in Black II
Yes I think so too. . It was nice chatting with you. Have a good day! . Bye!
It was great to chat with you. Bye
Hi! . How are you?
Hello there! . i'm awesome and you?
Great! What kind of movies do you like?
i'm open to any movie what would you recommend?
I like action comedy like Rush Hour  have you seen it?
No, i have not seen it, is it interesting?
Yes, very filled with action and Christ tucker and Jackie chan are great! . Do you like action or something else?
I like comedy and action movies
Have you seen Down to Earth . Chris rock dies and comes back in someone else body.
Yeah, i loved that movie . I also watched Click and i could smile a lot!
Yeah thats a good one.
Have you seen Black Panther ?
yes it was great! I want to see it again! . Have you?
Of course, i have seen it twice
I dont think it can get old!
Well, i think i will try your first suggestion
Well it was nice chatting with you. I hope you like Rush hour. Have a nice day! . Bye!
Thank you for your time and your help
No problem
Good bye
Hi
Hello there!
How are you?
I'm awesome and you?
Pretty good.
Tell me what kind of movies would you like to watch?
I like action, comedy, and click flicks.
Have you seen The Texas Chain Saw Massacre ? it is a horror movie
No! and No! . Not my kind of movie at all!
What about American Pie and Scary Movie ?
Yes I have seen both.
You can also try You Don't Mess with the Zohan and Click by Adan Sandler
They are okay.
And if you like old movies you can also watch The Mask by Jean Carrey
It's been a while since I've seen that but it was okay from what I rememeber.
He is very funny in that movie . I hope i have helped . Enjoy your evening . Have a nice day and good bye
Yes he was.
See you later
Thank you bye!
Hi . how are you
Hello there! . i'm pretty good and you?
Great! What kind of movies are you into?
I like horror movies, what would you recommend?
How about Scary Movie . Not really horror but funny.
Hahaha, it is a comedy movie but if you mean it in another way maybe, haha . Yeah, i have watched it
Yes I have! . What about It
I also watched Get Out have you seen it?
Yes I have I dont think I would consider that horror though. But it was good.
I have not seen the new one but the old one It . Is it interesting?
What about The Shining
I think i will try that one, thank you for your time
No I havent seen the new one . You welcome have a good one!
Thank you for helping me
Goodbye!
Have a nice day, good bye
Hi . How are you
Hello there! . I'm awesome, and you?
Good! . What movies do you like?
I'm open to any sugesstion . What would you recommend?
Ok have you seen Diary of a Mad Black Woman . I love Tyler Perry!
No, i have not seen but it sounds interesting!
All his movies are pretty good!
Any other suggestion?
Have you seen The Wiz . Micheal Jackson and Diana Ross are in it.
No, i have not seen it, i think i will try that one!
You will like it! . How about Get Out
I loved that movie that man who also appears in Black Panther !
Oh yeah that right!
I think i will watch your first suggestions.
Great! Have a good one! . Bye!
Thank you for your time and for helping me out! . Good bye
Hello! . Hows it going?
Great! Yourself?
Good! . What movies can I recommend?
I am looking for some good comedies. For the record, I am in no way easily offended, so content isnt an issue.
Ok! . Have you seen Jumanji . Kevin Hart is so funny!
No! I saw the original Jumanji with Robin Williams, but not the new one. Didn't knwo K Hart was in it! . will have to check it out!
Have you seen Superbad
yes! I loved Superbad ! McLovin forever!
Its pretty Funy! . What about about 21 Jump Street
I have not seen it. The guy from Superbad is in it, right?
Yes! I cant remember his name.
Jonah Hill I think?
Oh yes!
I think I avoided 21 Jump Street because I am old enough to have seen the original Tv series and it was terrible lol
Oh lol! . It was nice chatting with you! . Have a good one.
Do you have one more reccomendation?
Sure! What about Rush Hour
I have been meaning to see it! Thanks! . Jackie Chan is always good! . HAve a great rest of your day!
Your welcome . Goodbye!
Adios!
Hello there!
Hi how are you? did you see Batman & Robin
How are you? . No, i have not seen it but i have heard it is really good . I'm fine, anything else?
I am good, do you like action films about super heroes?
Yeah, i like Marvel movies . Yeah, i like Marvel movies
What's your favorite marvel movie?
Iron Man is one of my favorite movies . What would you recommend?
I like it too. Did you see Iron Man 2
No, i haven't, i think i will try that one . Anything else would you recommend?
Do you like comedies like Click
Yeah, i like Adan Sandler as an Actor! . Well, thank you for your time and for helping me out
You are one of the few people that likes him. He is starring in a lot of things lately. . Good bye, it was nice chatting with you!
I will try your second suggestion! . Have a nice day, good bye . See you later
Hello there, sir or madame
Hello, how are you?
Great! You?
Tell me what kind of movies would you like to watch? . i'm awesome. . i'm awesome.
Comedies are always good! Not much offends me, for the record
Have you seen Scary Movie and American Pie ?
I have sen them both! I liked them, but not the sequels
What about Click and You Don't Mess with the Zohan ?
yes! Both of those as well! I liked Click but not You Don't Mess with the Zohan
You can also watch The Mask by Jean Carrey . Have you seen it?
I have heard they did a sequel to Super Troopers have you seen it? Not much of a The Mask fan. Not one of Jim Carrey's better works, imho
I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry is really funny you should try it
I have heard it is good! I will check it out! Thanks for the reccomendations!
Yeah, i have! I hope i have helped you out. . You welcome, good bye
You did! Have a great rest of your day!
Have a nice day, enjoy your evening
Hi
Hi How are you?
How are you? . Im good! You?
I am great, do you know any good movies similar to Ant-Man
Have you seen Deadpool
Deadpool was a great movie, loved Reynolds.
Awesome! What about Deadpool 2 . I hear it's better then the first.
Haven't seen it yet, but i certainly will based on your suggestion. . Anything else in the action films you would like to recommend me?
What about Avengers: Infinity War . It a good movie, although I was disappointed in the ending
Avengers: Infinity War I didn't get a chance to see yet. What was bad in the ending? . i don't mind spoilers
Half of the cast dies! . Like main characters!
No way!
I was very upset! Im a big marvel fan!
Me too, I wouldn't be able to watch through that with firm heart. . Hawk eye  is my favorite
Yea it was tough! . He wasnt in this movie! . Oh nevermind yes he was . I was thinking of someone else
Who were you thinking about? . I will surely watch Avengers: Infinity War even though it will break my heart.
I cant remember the name right now i know I always mix them up . It's still worth it. . It was nice chatting with you! . Bye!
bye
Hello there
Hello!
How are you?
Great! How about yOu?
I'm open to any sugestion . I'm awesome
Do you like really messed up movies?Like disturbing but good?
Yeah, i like those kind of movies
great! I have some weird ones for you... Have you seen Pi ? It is about a mathematician who loses his mind. Same director as Requiem for a Dream and Black Swan
Are those movies interesting? . Because i have not heard about those movies
Yes! Very! They are very good but very disturbing.
Can i watch them with my girlfriend?
I wou;dn't reccomend Requiem for a Dream to watch with your lady... it is pretty explicit and rough . Unless she is tough! . lol
Hahaha, i guess she is not haha
Another very good one is Antichrist directed by this wacko Lars Von Trier... it is spooky and gross but very well directed. The photography is beautiful and eerie
Well thank you for your time and your suggestiongs
Thanks! Enjoy!
Have a nice day and enjoy your evening . Good bye
Hi . How are you?
Hi, I am good. Have you seen First Blood
No. What is it about?
You would love it, that's the best Rambo movie! Do you like Stallone?
Yes I do!
Have you at least seen Rocky
Yes, but a long time ago!
I've seen it several times pretty much every decade. You should watch the new Rocky
Ok! I havent seen that one.
30 years after the first one, I loved it. . Do you like movies about sports?
Not really.
what genre do you like?
I mean if there is a good back story maybe. . I like comedy
Did you see Ghostbusters?
I have. Not in a while though. Ghostbusters wasnt that good.
I didn't like Ghostbusters either. They should have just let the franchise alone. . Did you watch Slumdog Millionaire?
I agree. Some do not need a squeal. . Yes I have it was good!
I am glad you liked it. You will probably enjoy Borat too. . Good social commentary, sarcastic look at life in America.
Yea it was okay from what I remember. . It was nice chatting with you. Have a good day! Thanks for the suggestions . Good bye!
Hello there! . How are you? . I'm open to any suggestiong . Suggestion, sorry
Okay! How about some comedies? Have you seen Horrible Bosses or Horrible Bosses 2 ?
No, i have not seen them, but those sound really interesting
If you are an Alwys Sunny in Phil fan you will dig them. Charlie Day is in both and was one of the writers
I think i could try them
If you like older movies and Steve MArtin, The Jerk is a classic!
Which movies would you say i should try? . Which movies would you say i should try?
As is The Man with Two Brains
Yeah, i like old movies
Check out The Jerk and The Man with Two Brains then.. both older and both classics
I think i have a lot of movies which i should try now!
Great! Glad to have helped! . Have great day!
Thank you for helping me out, have a nice day . Good bye, see you later
Hi! What kind of movies do you like?
Hi . I like comedy and musicals
Have you seen The Greatest Showman ? Hugh Jackman plays BArnum.. about the early days of the circus and a great musical!
No i havent! But I would like to!
Also, everyone should see the musical Grease at least once!
Of course!
But I would avoid Grease 2 at all costs!
Ok that is good to know. . I love Dreamgirls
Other musicals I would reccomend are some of the classics: West Side Story , Evita and Camelot . Have not seen Dreamgirls but I keep hearing it is good!
I haven't seen either of those. Ive seen more of the modern ones. . You should see it, its one of the best movies!
Then I am glad I suggested them! . I will check it ou!
Good! . It was nice chatting with you. Thank you for the suggestions! . Goodbye!
Thanks! Have a good one!
Hi how are you&gt;
Hello there
What genre do you like?
I'm awesome and you? . I'm opne to any suggestion . What would you recommend?
I am great, well that's fantastic i have some solid suggestions for you. Did you see Titanic?
Yeah, i have seen it many times, i loved that movie
One of the best documentaries. You should watch Pearl Harbor, very powerful movie.
It sounds great, i will try that one! . Any other suggestion?
You will like it. Did you see American Ninja?
No, but i like old movies
It's a great classic comedy. Beverly Hills Ninja is even better.
Now i have a lot of movies to watch
Yes you do, maybe even too much.
Thank you for helping me out and for you time!
Make sure to get some popcorn!
Have a nice day and enjoy your evening
Thank you, Bye!
Good bye, see you later!
Hi . How are you?
Hello there! . Hello there! . I'm fine and you? . I'm open to any sugestion, what would you recommend?
Ok have you seen Rush Hour
No! but i have heard it is interesting . Is it a funny movie?
It is, it's pretty funny . Rush Hour 2  is good but not as funny as the first
So, i'd better watch the first one
Yeah for sure
Any other suggestion?
Have you seen Down to Earth
No, what is it about?
Chris Rock dies and comes back in another person body. A comedy.
It sounds really interesting!
Yeah, pretty good. . What about Deadpool
I loved that movie! . I think i will try your first suggestions!
Deadpool 2  should be good too! . Great! . Have a good one!
Thank you for you help and your time!
Goodbye!
ve a nice day and enjoy your evening! . Good bye! . Have* sorry
Hi there! How are you?
Hello, i'm fine . What about you?
Great! What kind of movies can I reccomend to you?
The best ones, even though i like old movies
Perfect! Me too! . Have you seen The Great Escape ? It's a classic!
No, i have not seen it, is it interesting?
Yes! Great ensemble cast, about Allied POWs in WWII escaping from a NAzi prison camp . Lots of funny moments, oddly enough
Have you seen The Mask by Jean Carrey?
I have! It was okay...
It sounds really good . Yeah, it was okay haha
If oyu like film noir, I would suggest The Third Man ... it is fantasticaly directed . And if you are a Hitchock fan, I would suggest North by Northwest and The Man Who Knew Too Much
Those are really old!
The first stars James Stewart, the second Cary Grant . Yep! Old as the hills!
Now i have a lot of movies to watch!
But still hold up today . Great! Glad to have helped!
thank you for your time and your help!
You too! Have a great day!
Have a nice day, enjoy your evening! . Good bye, see you later!
Hello there! . How are you?
hi
What kind of movies would you like to watch? . Have you seen Star Trek ?
i like comedies
What about Black Panther and Get Out ?
no, i haven't
Have you seen Click by Adan Sandler and The Mask by Jean Carrey?
neither one
You also can watch You Don't Mess with the Zohan and American Pie . What about Scary Movie ? . You can try them if you like comedy movies
not into horror
Have a nice day and enjoy you evening . Scary movie is a funny movie . See you later
thanks, you too
Good bye, i hope i have helped
'bye
Hi there, what kind of movies are you looking for?
Whatever . Whatever . I'm open to any suggestion
Have you seen Jumanji ?
What would you recommend? . Yeah, i have, it was pretty interesting . I could enjoy it with some friends
I liked it a lot. What about horror? A Tale of Two Sisters  is my absolutely favorite . It's a foreign horror movie like Ju-On: The Curse
I haven't watched it nut i like horror movies like The Texas Chain Saw Massacre . I haven't seen it either
Oh cool, those are good. The Strangers was like TCM.
But* sorry
I hope you have fun watching those recommendations!
YEah, i loved that movie . Well, thank you for helping me . Have a nice day and enjoy your evening
You too, bye!
Good bye, see you later . Good bye, see you later
Hello,  what kinds of movies do you like?
i'm open to any suggestion . What would you recommend?
For family movies Finding Dory or Trolls ?
I could try them . I liked Man of Steel
Have you seen either?  Or, if you are looking more for action or adventure, I also liked Deadpool .
I'm interesting in your first suggestions, yeah i liked Deadpool 2 too
Avengers: Infinity War is another new one that I liked.
I think i will try your first suggestions, thank you for helping me out . I haven't seen it yet
Hope that you enjoy it.
Have a nice day enjoy you evening . Good bye, see you later
Hello there! . How are you?
Hi! What type of movie do you enjoy/
I enjoy watching comedy and action movies
Deadpool 2 is a new one I loved.
Like Click by Adan Sandler and Black Panther . I liked more the old one Deadpool
Have you see Logan ?
Anything else? . i have heard it is a good movie . But i haven't seen it
Guardians of the Galaxy is another fun one.
I haven't seen them, i think i will try them . Thank you for your time and for you help . Have a nice day, see you later . Good bye
Hope you enjoy.  Thanks for the chat. . bye
Hi . What is your favorite type of movie?
Comedy and Action movies
One of my all time favorites is The Goonies . Have you seen it?
Even though i also like horror movies like The Texas Chain Saw Massacre . No, i haven't
I enjoyed The Texas Chainsaw Massacre too.
I also watched I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry and it was really funny . I also watched I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry and it was really funny
A good comedy is Ted .  Very entertaining.
Is it interesting? . I think i will try that one
I thought so.  Very funny
Thank you for helping me
Hope you enjoy. . Bye
Have a nice day, good bye
Hello there!
Hello.  WHat kinds of movies do you like?
How are you? . How are you? . i like comedy movies like American Pie and Scary Movie
I'm well. You?
The old ones are better . I'm pretty good thank you
Okay, I've seen those.  Have you seen The Goonies ? . Thats an old good one!
No, i haven't, is it interesting?
It's a great family movie.
Any other suggestion?
Also. I always enjoy Jaws , if you want a classic.
I think i will try those ones . Thank you for your time and your help
For an interesting action movie maybe Michael Clayton ?
Have a nice day, good bye
Thanks.  Have a good day!
See you later
Hi!
Hello there!
What are you favorite movies?
My favorite movies are about Action . Like Star Trek and Black Panther
Have you ever seen Michael Clayton ? Thats a good one!
Yeah, i really enjoyed that movie!
What about Gladiator ?
Is it interesting?
It's very good.  The Score is a good one too.
Now i have to movies to watch! . Thank you for helping me out.
Hope you enjoy! Thanks for the chat. . Bye
Enjoy your evening . Good bye
Hello! I am looking for a good family movie.
Hello there! . Hello there! . Have you seen I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry ?
Yes! Very funny. . I also liked Ted . . Although my all time favorite is The Goonies .
And what about The Karate Kid ? . You can also watch Frozen
I liked that one too.  I will have to watch Frozen ! Thanks for the idea
You welcome . Enjoy your evening . Good bye
Thanks. You too, Bye
hi I love all types of movies . What should I watch?
Hi.  Any favorites?
I like things like Coming to America . Any thing really . but I do love comedy
I always loved The Goonies .
I also love action like Fast & Furious . Thats cool I should watch it. . What else?
I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry is a pretty popular one for comedy, too.
Maybe something like The Ring . That's a good suggestion!
The Silence of the Lambs might be good if you are looking for scary . Or The Cabin
great ones! . Thanks for suggestions. . bye
Enjoy them.  Bye
hi there . You like family movies? . Do you like comedy? . You should watch Dancemaker . They are nice and inspiring. . Also, you can try, Airhawk . That's exciting to watch
Yeah i loved it
What do you want to watch?
Any other suggestion? . I like comedy movies
Yes, go see Princess
Like Click and You Don't Mess with the Zohan . Is it very interesting?
Joe Maddison's War is a good one too. Yes they are interesting.
I think i will try that one . Thank you for your suggestion
bye
Hi! . Looking for a good movie, any ideas?
Yes1 What kind do you enjoy?
I've always loved Annie and The Goonies .  But I like all different things.
The Goonies is a classic! Love that one! . Let's see... how about a good drama? Have you seen Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ?
I haven't see it yet and would like to.
It si very very good! . Sam Rockwell is amazing in it. . ANother good drama, and very weird as well, would be Birdman
Sounds very interesting.  I'll have to check them out. . Thank you for the ideas!
You mentioned some ffun 80s movies. Have you seen Ghostbusters ?
Yes! Always loved Ghostbusters .
It is sooo good! . How about Big Trouble in Little China ? . Silly and fun action comedy.
Have not seen that yet.  Thanks for the new ideas to add to my list. . I guess I've got some movie watching to do.
No prob. Have a good day!
you too. Bye
Hello there!
hi
How are you?
I like action movies . I like bruce willis . He is a great actor or Tom Cruise . I am doing well, thanks for asking.
Have you seen Gladiator ?
Maybe movies like The Mummy . Yes gladiator is a great suggestion . I also like Harry Potter  , lol . I am a kid at heart.
What about Mission: Impossible III ?
More suggestions? . I love that! . Good for reminding me to watch it again.
What about Kill Bill: Volume 1 ? . It is really Scary
Very good!! Thanks for this. Bye now.
Hello
Hi there. . I like various movies to watch.
Have you seen Black Panther ?
Anything etertaining like Fly My Kite . or Home and Away
What about Get Out ?
I am not picky. . That's a good suggestion. . What else should I watch?
You can also watch American Pie 2 . It is really funny
I will watch that for sure! . I bet it is funny.
You may try out Click . Have a nice day
Ok I can try it.
Good bye
Thanks any other suggestions? . Bye
Bye
Hello there . How are you?
Hi. I'm good. You?
Tell me what kind of movies do you like? . I'm awesome thank you
I like all kinds of movies, especially family movies. . My favorites have always been The Goonies and Annie
Have you seen Frozen ? . What about Incredibles 2 ? . You also can try Finding Nemo  and Finding Dory the new one
I liked Frozen but will have to check out The Incredibles .
I have watched them and i liked . Yeah
Yes! Loved both the Nemo ones.
Have a nice day enjoy your evening . Good bye
you too. Bye
hi
Hello!
I like a lot of movies
What types of movies do you enjoy??
Anything interesting is ok with me . What should you tell me to watch . I like disney like Frozen
Ok, have you seen The Goonies ?
I also like Tarzan
Old but great!
Yes goonies is great. . I like things like Dance Me to My Song too
Or Beauty and the Beast ?
Oh I love beauty and beast, its so inspiring . What else?
Trolls and Sing! have great soundtracks!
thanks bye
Enjoy. Bye
Hi. . WHat kind of movies do you like?
I like action movies
If you haven't seen it yet, I'd reccommend Deadpool or Gladiator
I have seen Man of Steel  and i liked it . Yeah, i've seen the Gladiator but i haven't seen the another one
Heat is a good action movie too.
I think i will try that one . Thank you for helping me out . Have a nice day . Good bye, enjoy your evening
Thanks. Bye.
Hi! . What types of movies do you like?
Hi. I like comedy movies
The Goonies is a great old one!
Yeah, i liked that movie
Have you seen The Big Sick yet?
No, i haven't seen, it sounds interesting
Or The Hangover ?
Of course, i loved that movie
Or Cheaper by the Dozen for an older comedy.
I think i can try it . Thank you for helping me, now i have some movies to watch
Ok. Enjoy. . Bye
Have a nice day, good bye
Hello there!
Hi.
Tell me what kind of movies would you like to watch?
I like all types of movies. Especially comedy nd family
I can recommend you Get Out
Have not seen that one yet.
Have you seen I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry ?
Yes.  That was very funny.  Also enjoied Ted
You should try Click  if you like comedy movies . Have you seen Deadpool ? . It is very funny
I'll have to try those
Have a great day and enjoy your evening . Have a great day and enjoy your evening Good bye
Thanks. Bye
hello there . I like watching various movies . I like disney especially
Hi how about comedy?
What do you recommend for me? . yes I like that . what kind?
ok I see, did you watch Frozen ?
Thats a good one, i liked it! . Anything else? What about A Wrinkle in Time  ? . I like action too
It's a great movie. Kids friendly. How about Barbie as Rapunzel ?
I also like romance . That is great! I like anything barbie. Like Barbie Thumbelina is a classic!
I would highly recommend you The Notebook
Oh that is great!! . I love crying at movies. . I watched Death Toll
A Walk to Remember  would be your chose then !
It was weird. . I need to watch walk to remember.
Death Toll  was really weird!
how about an action one?
The Woman in Black  is a classic one! I liked it !
thanks! bye
Hi!
Hi . How are you?
How are you ?! . I’m good ! What kind of movies do you like?!
Im good! . I like romance and comedy
I like comedy! Have you watch Fun with Dick and Jane
Even better if it's a romantic comedy like Hitch . No I havent!
Awee I liked Hitch ! Will smith is amazing !!
Im a big fan!
It’s kind of romantic comedy ! . You should definately watxh have you see. Click
Yes I have seen that. Not in a while though.
It’s pretty good! . The Notebook is pretty good . Well nice talking to you :) bye
That is one of my favorites! . Bye
HI!
Hi !
How is it going?
It’s going good and yourself ?!
Good!
What kind of movies do you like?
I like musicals and comedy . Have you seen Hairspray
Have you seen Oliver! . That’s a good musical! Yessss I love hairspray !!!
No I havent. Good?
It’s super good! I recommend it :)
Ok! Ill check it out!
Yess you will enjoy it especially if you like musicals! Have you seen Legally Blonde
Yes I have it's a cute one!
Sooo cute!!! I haven’t seen it in a while
I hear it's a play now too! . Yeah, me either
Yes! I’m not surprised !
I saw Chicago on broadway
Ahhh lucky how was it?!
Amazing!!
I’m jealous lol
Movie is still great i think!
I bet! Well it was nice talking to you ! Have a great day bye :)
You too bye!
Hi
Hi I love all sorts of movies. . What do you recommend for comedy? . I like things like Disney too like Frozen .
Ok have you seen Jumanji
That was a great movie for the whole family.
Yes I agree
I have seen it and its good! . Thanks for reminding me of it. . What else do you think I should watch?
Have you seen Freaky Friday
How about something similar to Homecoming ? . No I have not seen it, is it good?
Yes its a family movie also
I also like action movies, like Dark Vengeance . Oh I see! . That's cool.
I havent seen either . They good?
Yes!! thanks for helping me. bye
Ok bye!
HI
hello . I like action films.
How are you?
something like The Grace Card
Have you seen Avengers: Infinity War
Im fine. What do you recommend? . oh that's a great one! . Ok I will watch it. . What else?
Yes  I liked it also!
Maybe a comedy?
What about Deadpool
I like Baby Boy . Oh Deadpool is funny
Not my favorite. . Yeah Deadpool 2 should be good also
thanks! bye
Bye
Hi . How are you?
hi ther
What kind of movies do you like
I like any movies . action . like Blade Runner . That was good
Ok have you seen Rush Hour . Yes I agree
Yes that one for sure!
What about Rocky
Weekend is a good one. . Ok rocky is good too! . All those great actors are awesome.
Have you seen the more recent one?
No, what is it?
Rocky . I havent but hear its good.
I see. Thanks! bye
Hello there
Hi . How are you? . I like anything really
I'm doing pretty good
Musicals, comedy, action
Do you like the Marvel movies, like Avengers: Infinity War
Like Dreamgirls have you seen it? . Yes I have and it is amazing!
I actually haven;t
You should!
I can't wait to see it . I hear the next Marvel movie is Ant-Man and the Wasp . I'm not that into Marvel but it's interesting
Yes! Ant-Man was pretty good! . Oh I am!
Oh okay, good . What do you want to see in theaters?
Nothing really on my list maybe Incredibles 2
Oh, I'd love to see the Incredibles 2
Should be good! . Thanks for chatting Bye!
I hope it's even better than The Incredibles the first one. Bye!
HI
hi
How are you?
I like all sorts of movies . I am fine . Can you mention some? . I like comedu
Okay what about Rush Hour
comedy and action . Yes good suggestion!
Good!
I also like scary ones too . What else?
What about 21 Jump Street
Should I see It ?
Im not a horror fan!
Ok I can watch that. It's been so long ago
Yeah for me too
Good to watch on friday night lol . and eat popcorn.
Have fun with that!
Sometimes I will watch Ring . What other movies you can tell me to watch?
what about The Juror . Its been a long time for me
great!! thanks bye!
Bye
HI . How are you?
hello i'm fine and you?
Good!
I'm opne to any suggestion
What kind of movies do you like?
open* sorry . I like Action and comedy movies
Have you seen Deadpool
Yes, of course
I hear Deadpool 2 is going to be good!
i also watched Deadpool 2
Oh ok!
Those were really interesting
What about Avengers: Infinity War
I have not seen it . Anything else?
I loved it except the ending . I loved it except the ending . How about Rush Hour 3
i have heard that! . I haven't seen that one either . Now i have two movies to watch
Not as good as the first . Awesome! Glad to help
Thank you for helping me out
Have a good night!
Good bye . Good bye
Bye!
Have a nice day
Hi . How are you?
Hello there . How are you? . Tell me what kind of movies would you like to watch?
Romance and comedy
I can recommend Click by Adan Sandler . You can smile a lot there!
It's pretty good!
I can also recommend Deadpool the old one and the new one Deadpool 2
Any romance like Notebook
And also don't forget American Pie
I have seen the first but not the second!
Me neither, i hope i have helped you out . Me neither, i hope i have helped you out . Enjoy your evening, good bye
Thank! Bye!
Have a nice day
Hello!
Hi How are you?
How are you . I’m great!
Im  good!
What kind of movies are you into
I like comedy, action, and musicals.
Me too have you seen Black Panther
Yes! Loved it
Me too ! I seen it 3 times lol did you watch the Avengers: Infinity War
Yes that one too! I was disappointed in the ending but it was good!
Lol omg that’s what I hear from all many ignorant my friends I didn’t see it ywt . Yet* . Yet* . Yet*
Still go and see it, it's still worth it! . Have you seen Deadpool 2 yet
I bet I’m actually going to see it this week! Have you seen The Commuter
I havent seen that one.
No I haven’t but seen Deadpool either ! I heard it wasn’t amazing by the first one wasn’t better
Im sure it is.
It’s a super great action movie so isn’t San Andreas
I havent seen that either.
The rock PlayS in it! . Well it was great talking to you bye!
Bye
Hello
Hi How are you?
I’m great how are you?
Im good!
What kind of movies do you like
Know any murder mystery movies? . I loved Clue
No :( I haven’t watched any in a supe long time
Not many people like those . Ok what about romance?
As long as it is good I like it lol!
It very good!
Yes I like all types my favorite romance is 50 First Dates
I saw that a long time ago I cant really remember it.
With Adam Sandler!
Maybe I will watch it agian!
Yes you should ! It’s  great and Click  is a good one too
That is a good one! . Have you seen Hitch
Yesss!!! Great movie till this day!!
I love Will Smith and it is funny!
It hasn’t everything in it from comedy to action to romance . Has*
Exactly! . Everything you need in a movie!
Right!! Well it was nice talking to you bye :)
You too bye!
Aloha!
Hi there! . How are you?
How are you?!
Im good!
Nice! What type of movies are you into?!
I like romantic comedy and older movies.
Me too I like romance and comedy and action ! Have you seen Pretty Woman . I love Julia Roberta . Roberts*
Yes I have. Love her! . Runaway Bride is one of my favorites!
She plays every role to the T! . Yess ! Runaway bride is a classic :)
She really does. I wish she were in more recent movies.
I know !!! They need to put her in a role! Lol
Sandra Bullock I like too!
Yes! Have you seen Enough . With JLO . One of my favorites from her
Yes! Thats a good one! I loved seeing her kick some butt!
Right !!! I’m like yes screaming at the tv haha
Yes!! Me too!
The Bounty Hunter is good
Who is in that?
Jennifer Aniston! . I probably spelt her last name wrong lol
Oh yeah! I havent see that! I think i will.
It’s good and funny lol
Thank you for the suggestions. Have a good one! . Goodbye!
You too bye!
Hola! . How are you
Hello! . How are you? . Im good!
I’m great :) what kind of movies do you like ??
How about some old movies? . Like before 2000
Yes ! My favorite is Pretty Woman
A classic!
Yess! I love Julia Roberts
Ala . Always good. Sorry!
No worries ! Love Stinks is good
My Best Friend's Wedding is another good one! . I havent seen that one.
Oh yess sooo good!! . I liken Beethoven . And Beetlejuice
I havent seen that in forever!
Footloose ?!
Reminds me of my childhood. . All of them!
I know right memories !!
Thanks for the suggestions!
Anytime bye!
Have a good night! . Goodbye!
You too
Hey!
Hi! . How are you?
How are you?!
I'm good!
What kind of movies you like
How about Romantic! . Like the The Notebook
I likw . Romantic ! Pretty Woman  is my favorite
Yes that is a good one!
The Notebook . And 13 Going on 30 . 50 First Dates is a good one too
All good movies!
Yes !! . Do you have a favorite ?!
Of those?
Any!
The Notebook
Yeah too cute love it!! . Well it wasn’t nice talking to you have a great night!
Thank you for the recommendations!
Was*** . No problem :)
Goodbye!
Bye
Hi, how are you?
Hi! . How are you?
Good. What movies do you like?
Romance
Do you like 10 Things I Hate About You ?
I love that one! . 90's movies are the best!
I saw a movie a few years ago Brooklyn  that I have been telling everyone about. . It's a great romantic one.
I havent  seen that one!
I'd also recommend Before Midnight and Southside with You
I havent seen those either!
I'd definitely watch them.
These are really good! . Thank you Ill check them out!
See you.
Bye!
Hi!
Hi . How are you?
How are you?!
Good!
I’m great! What type of movies are you into?!
I like 90's movies. Know of any?
Mhm favorite is Pretty Woman
I like She's All That . That one is good too!
Oh yeah that’s. Great one too
For some reason I like those high school movies!
I know something about it, it’s nostalgic
Like John Tucker Must Die . I really dont know what it is!!
Hahah John tucker was funny especially when he took pms pills
Oh yeah!!
Yess! Did you like Hitch
Oh Yes!! I love Will Smith! . Well thank you for the suggestions!
No bye!
Have a good one! . Goodbye!
Np**
Hi . How are you?
Hello . I'm awesome and you?
I’m great! Thanks for asking what kind of movies you like
I'm open to any option . I like Comedy and Action movies
Have you seen Black Panther . Love comedy!!
Yeah, i loved it, there is the guy who appears in Get Out too
Jumanji  was good! . Yess get out was weird but good lol
Have you seen I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry ? It is really funny
Yessss soooo funny lol I could watch that over and over again
You're right! It is pretty interesting . Haha, Two fireman who had to marry for his friendship . Well, i liked talking with you . Thank you for your suggestions . Have a nice day, good bye
Me too! Have a good night bye!
Hi!
Hi there
How are you
How are you?
Movies ?!
I'm awesome and you?
I’m great!
Of course!!
Thanks for asking ?! I like comedy and action . Black Panther  was great
I can recommend you Deadpool the old one and the new one Deadpool 2
Which one is your favorite?!
You can also try Click by Adan Sandler who is really funny . Comedy movies
Omg I love Click . Fun with Dick and Jane was great too
Have you seen The Mask by Jean Carrey? . I haven't watched that one!
No I haven’t but I would definately add that to me list to watch
I think i will try Fun with Dick and Jane . Thank you for your time
It’s shoer comical !!
Enjoy your evening, see you later
Any time :) bye
Good bye
Hi!
Hello there!
How are you?!
I like Marvel movies like Black Panther and Iron Man . I'm pretty good thank you, and you?
Omg have you seen Avengers: Infinity War . I’m great :)
I haven't but i want to!
Me too I heard it was amazing !
That's good to hear :)
Independence Day is good
Yeah! I have heard a lot of things about that movie! . I think i will try those movies
I recommend it for sure !
hank you for your time and for helping me out . Good bye, have a nice day
My pleasure have a great night bye :)
Thanks* sorry
Np
Hello!
Hello there!
How are you?! . What type of movies you like ?!
I'm awesome and you? . I like any option
I’m great thanks for asking :)
hat would you recommend?
Have you seen The Commuter
You welcome former one :)
Really great action movie but with suspense
I have not seen it, it sounds great!
Yes I recommend it! If you like funny movies Jumanji is good and Elf
Wow, that sounds interesting
So is Click
I loved that movie! . Thank you for helping me out . Have a great day and enjoy your evening
Me too! Anytime have a great night !! . Bye
See you later, good bye
Hola!
Hello there
How are you doing
I'm fine and you?
What movies are you into?! . I’m damper !
Haha, i speak Spanish too, i can understand you . I like Comedy and action movies . Don't worry i speak spanish too
Hahah muy bien!! Have you seen Click ?! Or Fun with Dick and Jane
You ms+
Elf is great too
You must about speaking spanish here.. Yeah, i liked that movie by Adan Sandler . Oh those sound interesting . Would you recommend something else?
The Commuter good action movie
Now i have a lot of movies to watch . Thank you for helping me out . See you later have a nice day
Yes !! Bye!
Good bye
Hello!
Hello there
How are you?
How is it going? . I'm awesome and you?
Pretty good ! What movies you like
I like Marvel movies as Action movies too . I also like Comedy movies like Click
Have you seen Avengers: Infinity War
No, i haven't seen it but i want to!
Omg loves Click  and Big Daddy . Yeah I heard it was awesome !!!!
And i also liked I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry
That’s a classsic!!
Hahaha, it is really funny
Well it was nice talking to you :) . Have a great night bye !!
Well, thank you for your time and you suggestions . Good bye
Hiii
Hello there!
What’s up?!
Everything is fine what about you?
What’s your favorite type of movie
I'm the recommender now haha . It's my time to recommend
Lol yes jk jk! I do recommend The Commuter
So, what would you like to watch? . It's my time i said!
Oh ok! . :0
I would recommend you Deadpool the old one and the new one Deadpool 2
Okay I’ll be sure to add that to my list
I'd recommend you The Texas Chain Saw Massacre f you are a really man
Lol sounds brutal . Never seen it
And also you should watch Incredibles 2 because everybody has a child inside . So, i hope i have helped you out . Good bye, have a nice day . Remember to say good bye
Bye
:)
You too
Hiii . How are you
Hello there! I'm pretty good . What about you?
I’m good !
In this moment you are the recommender and i'm the seeker
What type of movies you enjoy watching
So, i like Action, comedy and Marvel movies
Ok well I recommend The Commuter if you like action and Black Panther was good . Click is great with Adam sandler
Oh, those are very good suggestions
Elf is a funny Christmas movie will ferrel is hilarious !!
Would you recommend anything else?
Have you seen Jumanji
Wow, those sound really interesting . Thank you for helping me out
That’s awesome too! I really like Independence Day
Have a nice day and enjoy your evening
No problem bye you too!
Good bye, see you later
Heyyy . What type of movies are you into?!
I'm here . I'm into Horror movies like The Texas Chain Saw Massacre
Ohhh I never seen that any other movies ?!
Also movies like Get Out
Bonnie and Clyde
I think those are called Thriller movies
Yeah get out was freaky but good lol . Yes
I have not seen that one, is it interesting?
A little action . It’s very good!!
Well, i'll try that one
The Commuter is a great one too
I have heard a lot about it . Thank you for you suggestions and for your time
It’s great!!!! . Thanks yoy too bye :)
Have a nice day, see you later
You
Good bye, thanks
Hii . What type of movies you like
I'm here guy and i will always be! :) . I like anything . What would you recommend?
Ok do you like action ?! Have you seen The Commuters . Highly recommend super good . I really enjoyed it
Ooh, that sounds really old, is it interesting? . Anything else would you recommend?
The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift is my fave . It was really interesting !! Unpredicatable
It was my favorite too and in the ending was exciting . Toreto was there haha
Super exciting !!
Would you recommend anything else?
If you like comedy Jumanji was good . And Click
I haven't but i think i will try it!
With Adam Sandler oh Vacation was good too . Nice talking to you :)
I have heard good things about Adan Sandler he is very funny actually
Bye !
You have helped me a lot . Thank you for your time
I’m glad :)
Have a nice day, good bye
Hello
Hi! What kind of movies do you like best?
I like Marvel movies and action movies . What would you recommend?
There are quite a few of those out now. Have you seen any of those yet?
Which ones?
Have you seen Avengers: Infinity War?
I have seen Black Panther and Iron Man  and also Spider-Man: Homecoming the new one . Which nobody likes but everybody loves Infinitive war . I haven't seen it but i want to . I have heard a lot of things about that movie . So, i going to try that one . If you don't have more suggestions.. . Well, thank you for helping me out . Have a nice day and enjoy your evening . See you later, good bye
OK, take care!
Hi, how's it going?
Hello there . I'm fine what about you?
I'm doing well. What kinds of movies are you looking for?
I'm open to any suggestion, what would you recommend?
I haven't seen RBG yet, but one of my friends was telling me she enjoyed it.
So, do you think i should watch it?
If you like documentaries, yes.
Any other suggestion?
Do you like thrillers? A Quiet Place is creepy!
I liked Get Out even though it was a little bit weird . I haven't seen, For sure i will try that one . Even its name sounds interesting . Would you recommend anything else?
You Were Never Really Here looks good too, but I only saw the previews.
I have not heard about it, is it scary? . I will add to my next movies i will see . Thanks, have a nice day . I liked you suggestions, good bye . Remember to say good bye at the end!
OK, take care!
Hi!
Hey
What sort of movies do you like, good sir or madam?
I'm looking for time travel movies like Looper
Ah! . Let me think.... there is always the classic The Time Machine if you like older flicks.
Hm, I've never heard of that. I'll check it out
And there is the goofball time travel movie Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure lol
Oh yeah, I've seen that. Great movie!
But if you want a VERY serious time travel movie ful of science and brain twists, you could try Primer . It is almost TOO serious but it is really good
Dang, I haven't heard of that either
I think one of my favorites is good old Back to the Future
Yes, that's my favorite movie!
There are a lot of good time travel movies out there . HAha! Me too!!! . Good tlaking to you! Hope you have some good suggestions
Thanks, have a good one
Hello! What kind of movies are you looking for today?
Hi! I'm looking for something scary. My favorite is Saw
I'm not super familiar with scary movies. I have a friend who loves them and prefers the classics like A Nightmare on Elm Street and Bride of Chucky
Oh yeah, I've seen A Nightmare on Elm Street and loved it, but not any of the Chucky movies. . I'll have to check out Chucky. What about something like a thriller? I'm a huge fan of Taken
I havent seen Taken but I did enjoy Inception which is a thriller in sort of a different vein
Oh, that one was good. A lot of odd filming techniques in that. . Can you think of any others?
Thrillers like Inception I would also suggest Gravity as well.
Very good. I haven't seen Gravity yet. I've been waiting to get a big TV for it. . Thank you for the recommendations. Have a great day!
Or Interstellar as well!
Haha, I have seen that. I think I have plenty of movies to check out :)
Have a good day!
Bye!
Hello
Hi there, what kind of movies are you looking to see?
Do you know of any interesting documentaries?
Yes, have you seen Food, Inc. ? That one was a real eye opener to the food and farming industry
I haven't seen it. Is it like Super Size Me  or more like Cowspiracy ?
I loved Super Size Me, and it's a little like that but with more focus on farming and the evil Monsanto company.
I'll definitely check it out.
Have you seen Making a Murderer on Netflix? That was a crazy series
Yep. Loved it. Love crime documentaries.
So good. I love a good documentary, how about a political one? Fahrenheit 9/11 was very intense.
No, not political
No problem, I think you'll have to check out Food, Inc. . Enjoy! Have a great day.
thanks, you also.
Hi how are you
Hello! I'm good. I'm looking for an action movie. Something like Die Hard
Have you seen Beverly Hills Cop
I have not. Is that Eddie Murphy?
Yes ! Super good ! . San Andreas was good too with the Rock
Awesome, I'll check it out! What about something like The Bourne Identity . I love that movie. . Oh cool, I have not seen that either!
Haven’t but seen Bourne identity what is t about ? Action?!
Yes, action with Matt Damon. He got super famous from those movies. . Is there anything else you can recommend?
Oh wow ! I have to check it out for sure then . Well it was nice talking to you . Thanks for the recommendations !
I'd like to hear about one more movie
Have you seen The Commuter ?!
Haha yeah, it was fun action with Neeson. . Thank you! . Have a great day
Amazing movie loved it ! . Bye!
Hi!
Hello, what kind of movies are you looking to see?
How are you
I'm good!
I like action and comedy . What about you ?
Oh nice, Taken is one of my favorite action movies. Have you seen it?
Yess!! Love it !!! Takers was a great one too
Oh nice, I've never seen Takers . For comedy, I just saw Blockers in theaters. It was way funnier than I expected.
Have you seen San Andreas  really great movie with the Rock
I have not. I'll have to check it out.
About the fault in Cali!
The last movie with The Rock I saw was Jumanji , also way better than I expected.
Oh really ?! That’s good to hear I was a little weary on seeing it but I would go now !
Yeah! Happy watching. Great talking to you. . Have a great day!
You too bye
hello! . Do you know of any family friendly movies?
Good Morning have you seen  The Sixth Sense
Yes, but it is too scary for my children. . something like, Peter Rabbit . we saw that and it was cute
A old classic will be Finding Nemo
oh yes, and Finding Dory !
I saw Peter Rabbit with my daughter she loved it
we've seen them, but they are great . Have you seen Coco ? We are waiting for it to come to netflix
I haven't seen that one Black Panther  was a great movie to see with the family
Really? I wouldn't think that was family appropriate . I will have to look into it
Well you wouldn't if you haven't seen it but good movie
okay, thanks! . thanks for your help. Have a great day!
How about that Life of the Party
Good Morning
Hey there! . How are you?
Doing well thanks
I like 90's movies . Like She's All That
Then you are probably familiar with The Wedding Singer
Oh yes of course!
Can't Hardly Wait &gt; . 10 Things I Hate About You
Yes all the high school ones!
Yeah, I like those too
I havent seen them in forever!
Never Been Kissed
But always good ones! . Love that one! . They make me feel old though!
what about the scary-ish 90s movies. Scream ? I Know What You Did Last Summer . Final Destination
I didnt like the scary ones.
Yeah, that was the prime of my youth. . Billy Madison
Yes, that is one of my favorites!
Forrest Gump is from the 90s . We had to watch it for school . American Beauty
Oh really? Well it was nice chatting with you . Have a good day! . Goodbye!
Yeah, thanks for the trot down memory lane :) . bye.
Good Morning what have you seen recently?
Hi . How are you?
Have you seen the new The Avengers movie? . Im great by the way
Yes I have. I liked it. Have you?
I haven't seen it yet but I heard it was a awesome movie
It really was. I just didnt care for the ending. . At least there is another one coming out next summer. . How about a comedy?
Okay cool I will have to get to see it. . What about Deadpool 2 that have to be funny right . Or Life of the Party
I havent seen that one. I plan to though. I am sure it will be great! . I have heard of that one what is it about?
It's with Melissa McCarthy going to college with her daughter
Oh yeah!! That looks funny! . I will check it out!
cool beans . What is your favorite movie of all times?
I like The Sandlot
I haven't seen that one
Really its pretty good! . One of my favorites. . It was nice chatting with you. Thank you for the suggestions!
I will have to check it out. It was great chatting have a awesome day.
Goodbye!
bye
Hello what's your favorite movie?
Hi there! . I like Dreamgirls . What about you?
That was a great movie if I must say so myself. . as a child mines was B*A*P*S
Really? I havent seen that one in a while . For some strange reason that reminds me of Set It Off
I haven't either maybe I should for old times
Probably because of Jada Pinkett Smith . It's always good to watch the oldies
Okay Jada wasn't in baps though
Oh maybe I am thinking of someone else
You probably thinking of Halle
Maybe so
What have you seen new
They kind of had the same hair cut back then. . Avengers: Infinity War
Awesome movie
Yeah it was! . It was nice talking with you!
It was great chatting with you have a great day
Goodbye!
Good Morning what have you seen recently?
Hi . I have seen Thor: Ragnarok . It was actually funny also!
I haven't seen it other than funny how was it . Have you seen the new The Avengers
Yes I have it was good!
What's your favorite movie?
I would have to say The Wiz . Have you seen it?
OMG that is a old classic . lol who haven't seen that movie
You would be surprised at how many people havent! I think it is better then the original!
Okay! but yea a good one for sure. . What about Deadpool 2
I havent seen it but plan to the first one was good! . It was nice talking with you! . Goodbye!
Hello what's your favorite movie?
Hi
Have you seen Deadpool 2 . It was a great movie you should see it
No not yet! . Im sure it is all marvel movies are good.
What have you seen
Although I was disappointed in Spider-Man: Homecoming
Yes I think we all was. What about the new The Avengers
Yes that was good! Just not the ending. I was disappointed.
Everybody says that lol . Have you seen Life of the Party
No but I would like to!
Okay. Well nice talking to you have a good one bye
It was nice chatting with you! . Bye!
Hi
Morning, whats your favorite movie
I like Hairspray
That was a cool movie
Chicago is good also! . I saw that play and it was amazing!
Okay cool . Set It Off had a play recently did you see it
What?No! . That seems weird . I mean the movie I thought was good!
Yea I agree just to much if you ask me
I really want to see Dreamgirls on broadway!
That will be cool she know she can sing
The movie was great I am sure the play would be also. . It was nice chatting with you have a good one! . Goodbye!
Hi . how ar eyou . What type of movies do you like?
Hello what have you seen recently . all of them
I seen Black Panther for the 3rd time lol
That was a awesome movie I don't blame you
LOL ! it was!! and before that &quot;I saw The Commuter
Okay I didn't see that one what was it about
Its a action movie . An Insurance Salesman/Ex-Cop is caught up in a criminal conspiracy during his daily commute home. . It came out this year not 2017 lol
okay. Have you send The Avengers
No not yet! but i heard it was great
AWESOME!1 . Deadpool 2 IS TOO . well nice talking to you bye
Hi
Hey
How are you? . How are you?
Im great, how are you
Good! . What kind of movies do you like?
i like horror, Rom. Coms, and thrillers . how about yourself
I like comedy and action . What is your favorite horror film? . Have you seen It
NO I have no seen It i heard it was good Im a fan of the Saw  series . what is your favorite action movie
Okay. What about Halloween
Halloween was a good movie
Well recently Avengers: Infinity War . Have you seen the older one
Nope havnt seen the old one, and Avengers: Infinity War was great i cant wait for part 2
Yeah me either! . Well it was nice chatting with you. Have a good one! . Goodbye!
have a great day
Hello!
Greetings what your favorite movie . Mines as a child was B*A*P*S
Oh never watch it mines is Enough . With JLO
Have you seen the new Deadpool 2 . Never heard of it
Not not yet heard it was pretty good though . I really like The Hunger Games . All the movies
Never seen that one either
I recommend it!! . Well it was nice chatting!
Bye nice chatting thought
HI . How are you?
Hello what movie have you seen . Im good thanks
I recently saw Black Panther . Have you seen it?
Yea I have great movie . The Avengers ?
What about Deadpool . Yeah I saw that too!
I saw that one and Deadpool 2 . Have you seen Deadpool 2
No I havent. . Was it good!
Great movie
Great! Ill check it out! . Have a good day! . Goodbye!
bye it was good chating
hey how are you
hi there
what kinds of movies are you into? I like horror and thrillers?
I'm watching Bad Moms and its pretty funny. Do you know anything similar?
I Think I Love My Wife was a really good movie i think theyre similar
oh yeah, maybe.
have you seen Girls Trip ?
I have not . What's a good horror/thriller?
you should check it out, I'm a big fan of the Jeepers Creepers series
oh, I think I've seen Jeepers Creepers but not any of the other ones . what about Insidious ?
I haven't seen the newest one, but the other ones were good. Have you seen the newest Jigsaw . I love Insidious I've seen them all.
I have seen all the Saw movies . Love them . I am definitely going to check out Jeepers Creepers , thanks for the suggestion
thanks for the great conversation . have a great day
Hi . How are you . What type of movies do you like?
Hello, I like all movies. What kind of movie do you suggest
I really think The Commuter is good and Jumanji . Also Black Panther
Okay seen them all . anything else
I really like Elf  Will ferrel is great ! and Fun with Dick and Jane . Well I hope these help . nice chatting with you bye :)
I saw those too . but thanks . bye
Hey there . What's up?
Hello what have you seen new
Recently I have seen Jumanji , Jigsaw . Peter Rabbit
You dont go to the movie much I see . All of those was great movies . what is your favorite movie?
No I really don't go to the movies much. What's good that's playing right now? . Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is my favorite movie ever.
The Avengers Deadpool 2 are great . I never heard of it . What is it about? . Well nice chatting bye
hello how are you
Hello im great thanks what have you seen new
i saw Avengers: Infinity War and loved it, if you havnt you shoudl check it out
Yes it was a awesome movie I agree . What about Deadpool 2
what kind of movies do you like
I love all movies
I didnt see the 1st one but I want to see Deadpool 2
You have to watch Deadpool before you see Deadpool 2 so you wont miss anything . What's your favorite movie?
I wasnt a big deadpool fan growing up im patiently waiting for the next X-Men movie to be made . favorite movie has to be the The Warriors
To be honest I am a woman and never was a fan of any of it but I enjoy them now
whats the most recent movie youve seen
Great talking to you though have a wonderful day. And yes it was
have a great day
heoow how are you . *hellow
Hello im cool thanks man. What movies are out that you like
I saw Avengers: Infinity War and Black Panther loved both
Not a big fan . I like romance movies . I like the superhero to the guys
I haven't seen a romance movie since The Notebook
Leave* . I loved that movie
very underrated I think it was better than the Titanic
They haven't made one in a long time but Fifty Shades of Grey
I missed that whole hype train for Fifty Shades of Grey
I never seen the Titanic
It was actually a really good movie . whats the last movie youve seen
I heard it was but way to long lol . Life of the Party
I havent even heard of that one
its with Melissa McCarthy going to college with her daughter
I think i saw a trailer for that once. . next movie i plan on seeing is Deadpool 2
My boyfriend want to see that one. good talking to you have a great one
have a great one
Hello What movie have you seen recently?
I have seen recently Action movies like Get Out  and Black Panther
How did you like them
Of course, i loved them
That's good anything new out that you want to see?
I also watched I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry and Click, I spent all my afternoon with my family  laughing . I'm open to any suggestion . What would you recommend?
If you like family movies Peter Rabbit is good for small children
Is it interesting? . I haven't heard about it recently
Yes, they would love it. My daughter loved it great family movie
It sounds really interesting . Now i have a movie to watch with my family, thank you for helping me out . Have a nice day, see you later . Good bye
No problem!! bye
Hello there!
Hello what is your favorite movie?
How are you? I'm open to any suggestion, i like horror movias as Action movies too . Sometime i like watching Comedy movies, what would you recommend?
A great action movie is Rampage
It souns great! . Sounds* Sorry
It was funny parts in there as well
Anything else you think i should watch?
Melissa McCarthy is always funny to watch maybe you should try Life of the Party . Whats your favorite movie?
Oh, i will! . I don't have favorite movie
okay What is the last movie you saw?
I liked The Texas Chain Saw Massacre . The last movie i saw was Black Panther
WOW I haven't seen that in forever . Black Panther was good. Maybe The Avengers then
Have you seen Wish Upon ? . You're right! . Well, thank you for your time! . Have a nice day and enjoy your evening!
Yes, NP goodbye
Good bye, see you later
Hello there!
Hello whats a good movie to see
Tell me what kind of movies would you like to watch?
I like all movies
You can watch Click and The Mask if you like old movies and comedy movies
I have seen those 2 . my fave is action
You can also watch Avengers: Infinity War and Black Panther if you like Marvel movies as Action movies
okay cool
You may try Get Out which is a Thriller movie and Action movie at the same time
Have you seen them
Well, i hope i have helped you out . Have a nice day and enjoy your evening . Good bye, see you later
bye
Hello
Hi, do have some movies recommendations?
Have you seen The Godfather or S . I like crime movies
I have seen that movie. . i like crime movies too.
maybe a comedy something like Game Night
That is a comedy. Have you seen Blow ?
Yes i have! nice ne
Thanks, bye!
Bye!
Hello there! . How are you?
Hi, have you seen Game ?
I'm open to any suggestion! . No, i haven't, is it interesting?
Yes it is. . What about The Shining ?
It sounds good, No, it looks old but interesting . Anything else would you recommend?
Maybe 12 Angry Men and The Dark Knight ? . I like these movies very much.
I think i will try those movies . Thank you for helping me out . ave a nice day, see you later . Good bye . Have* sorry
See you.
Have* sorry
Hello whats your favorite movie
Hi. Have you seen Movie Schindler's List ? . it is a very nice movie.
Never heard of it . what is it about
it is very famous movie about Holocaust. . What movie do you like?
okay. Im a action fan . I want to see something new any suggestions
Than you would like The Matrix . Or maybe Inception
okay cool beans . whats the last movie you seen
A Quiet Place . it is an action, and sci fi
Thats a scary movie right
yes. . see you7
okay cool
Hi
Hello . Do you have some movie reccomendations . something like Scarface . a crime movie
Yes The Lord of the Rings
Thats a very nice movie
it is not a crime movie but i like it
i have seen it tho
what about Blow ?
hmm yes i have heard of it . but really not my type
If you love crime movies you should watch Seven
Yes thats a great recommendation! . Thanks! . Bye!
Hello What do u suggest today
Hello . what about a crime movie
Sounds good
The Silence of the Lambs . its a very nice movie
What is it about
or The Usual Suspects . Its about a serial killer . its kinda psyco
I haven't seen neither of them
Get Out is a really nice movie . crime aslo
Okay yea I saw that one. I was a cool movie
Best movie for you i think is Fight Club
Hi
Hi, what is the best horror zou have seen
Whell . World War Z  or Psycho are both great movies
I have seen them, i liked it
then i think that The Cabin in the Woods is a great choice for you . its newer
I have not seen it. . I will watch it.
or Ring its a classic
I heard about it. i will watch . bye
BYE
Hi . Do you like crime movies?
Hello looking to see a movie this weekend what would you suggest? . I like action movies . If you like crime movies you would like Seven Seconds
ok. have you seen Kill Bill: Volume 1
Yup I saw those
yes i like that movie. . What about Saving Private Ryan ? . or maybe Minority Report
ok thank bye
Hello
hi
do you like movies? . i really like comedies
of course! . I like scary movies
oh
I'm looking for one I haven't seen yet
Have you seen Scary Movie or Scary Movie 2
I was thinking about seeing Wish Upon but someone said it wasn't good.
i havent seen it . Have you seen The Cabin in the Woods a really great horor for me
I haven't seen that!
Please do! its great!
is it like Cabin Fever ?
I havent seen that one . thats all my friend . see ya . BYE
bye
Hello.
Hello there . What genres do you like
What mistery movies do you recommendation?
Have you seen Face/Off or Die Hard . both great movies . classics
I have seen them. have you seen Sherlock Jr. ?
Yes i have . its a great mystery . The movie V for Vendetta is the best movie
I will see that tonight, thanks.
Bye
Good Afternoon
Hello whats your favorite movie?
Batman . what's yours?
A batman fan I see. I don't have one . Whats new that you have seen?
Deadpool 2 . The Avengers
Yes awesome movies
Have you seen Doctor Strange ?
Have you seen the new Melissa McCarthy Life of the Party
I haven't, is it good?
nice talking have a good one. Very good movie try it
Hi
Heloo . Do you have any crime good crime movies . i really like watching some tonight
Yes, i like Taken  and Desperado
I havent seen them . i dont like them . they are new . i like older movies
Have you seen True Lies ? . Ronin is old too.
I havent seen them . i like the recommendation . Thanks! . BYE
bye
Hi
Hello . do you have some good movies to recommend . i really like good movies
Maybe you would like Apocalypto . it is action movies
I have seen it and i like it . Can you recommend something like James Bond
I love that movie
lol mee too
have you seen Casino Royale ?
OMG no . will see it tonight! . thanks!
than you would like Fugitives
bye . i have seen it
hello
Hi, what kind of movies do you like? . maybe action movies like Hot Fuzz ?
I really like westerns . Blazing Saddles is my favorite . Annie Get Your Gun
I have seen The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
Yes, a classic
I have not seen those movies. . but I will. . thanks
Hi
Hello . Can you recommend me movies . something like The Shawshank Redemption . i like it so much
That is nice movie. have you seen Schindler's List ?
Yes i have! i really like that one too . something else?
Waht about Forrest Gump
Fight Club is also great . Yes thats a perfect choice for me! . THanks!
I have not seen taht movie
Bye!
thanks . bye
Hello my friend!
Hi . I looking for good drama movies
i like dramas! . Have you seen The Pianist or The Untouchables
Yes, i like those movies. have you seen Whiplash
Yes i have! A really great movie
I have not seen it. Thanks, I will watch it.
If you like Whiplash you probably like Dunkirk
I have not seen it. Thanks, I will watch it.
Ok bye!
bye . You have good taste.
Hello!
Hi, I am looking for some good movies.
Have you seen The Lion King ?
Something like The Prestige
or Memento
I don't like The Lion King
oh then the movie Alien is great for you!
I like the other one. . but I have not seen it. . thanks
bye!
Bye, handsome.
Hello! What kind of movies do you like?
Hello I like a good action movie any suggestions?
Of course, Have you seen The Bourne Identity ?
No I haven't what is it about?
Matt Damon wakes up with no memory of who he is but he's a trained assassin. He has to figure out what's going on and why the government is after him. . It's one of the best action movies. Have you seen Taken ? That's another favorite of mine
okay cool . I haven't seen that one either
That's a great one. What's your favorite action movie? That might help me recommend something else
I'm sorry I don't have one . Im a free spirit so I like just about everything
Well, okay. The Departed won the Oscar for best picture, and Inception was also quite excellent. How do those sound?
Sounds great I have something I can check out
Yeah! Happy watching
thank you have a awesome day
Have a great day, bye.
Hello, what movies do you like?
Hello looking for a great movie to watch with my boyfriend tonight . I like all movies
Awesome! Have you seen Jumanji with The Rock, that was hilarious?
Yes, I saw that one. That wasn't that good he have better movies like Rampage . Or even Baywatch
Haha yeah he's in a movie every year . Those are both good
Yea, I would like to see what he come up with niext
How about Oldboy ? That's one of my favorite foreign movies
Okay what is that about . I will check it out maybe my boyfriend would like. Thanks so much bye for now
hello! how are you?
Hello whats the last movie you seen . Im great thanls . thanks*
The last movie I saw was Fifty Shades of Grey, what was the last movie you seen? . I am looking for some new movie suggestions.  Do you have any?
Rampage Have you seen it
No, I haven't.
Its a very good movie if you a fan of Dwayne Johnson
Awesome, I will have to check it out.  I actually want to see Blockers .  Looks hilarious.  Have you seen that yet&gt; . ?
I can't say I seen that one. What is it about? . The new Melissa McCarthy movie is funny Life of the Party
There is a pact of people that want to lose their virginity on prom night and their parents are overprotective ...the parents join forces to try to stop their plans . Oh I will have to watch that!  I love Melissa McCarthy! . The Boss was a hilarious movie with her in it
Yes I have seen that one. Thanks so much nice talking to you
Hello Im so bored can you suggest a movie for me?
hello!  What about The Boss  with Melissa McCarthy in it
That was a cool movie but I saw that one . Have you seen the new she in Life of the Party
Have you seen Blockers ?
one*
no I haven't. I want to see it hough!
I haven't seen blockers though I will check it out.
Do you like Disney movies?  Beauty and the Beast  is a  good movie!
Not so much maybe with my kids . How about Game Night with Jason bateman
definitely take your kids they will enjoy it! . That was a funny movie!
Yes I do agree. I will they haven't seen anything new recently . Thanks have a great day bye
Hello what a good movie for a date night?
maybe you sould watch La La Land  I  am looking for good romance movie.
I heard that was kind of boring . Have you seen Game Night with Jason Bateman? I think that would break the ice you think?
what about The Godfather ? . No, i have not, i will watch it. . have you seen Notebook ?
Okay cool. I love that movie . The Fault in Our Stars  very said but great movie
Great date night movie is Life of Pi  . I have not watched The Fault in Our Stars
I would recommend it like I said its said of how it ended but good movie . thanks for your suggestions have a great day bye
Hello looking for a funny movie any suggestions?
Yes . Please! . I like Hangover type movies
That was a very funny movie . funny* . I like Game Night with Jason Bateman
Or Yes . i like that one too
WHat is that about?
New one . The main actor is always saying yes . to whatever he is asked . :D
That can get annoying . lol . I want to see Life of the Party . Have you seen it?
i tthink thats a great movie, but havent seen it
Thanks for your suggestion it was nice talking to you. bye for now
I will se it tonight . you too
hello! What was the last movie you saw?
that will be A Quiet Place . I didn't like it
oh I haven't seen that.. . I see that they are remaking the movie Overboard  and I want to see that. I remember when I was younger my mother used to watch the original version all the time.
I have not seen it. I like mystery movies
i like comedy and thriller movies
Have you seen Game
I haven't.  Ihave you seen The Commuter . have you seen*
No, but I will . thanks . bye
The movie Game Night looks funny
Hello, what are your movie preferences?
Hello I love action movies. Do you have any good suggestions?
Well, Die Hard is an absolute classic, but The Dark Knight Rises is good for a modern one . Have you seen either of those?
No I haven't seen neither what are they about
Die Hard is a Cop that gets trapped in a mall on Christmas by terrorists and has to take them down
okay sounds cool
How about Inception or Lethal Weapon ?
Never seen it
Well okay, you have your movie marathon cut out for you . Enjoy! Have a great day
yes thanks bye
hi
Hello Im so bored can you help with a good movie
Have you seen Life of Pi  ?
I like comedy and action the most . I haven't seen it what is it about?
it is adventure movie
okay cool beans
The Matrix is good action movie . have you seen it?
I haven't seen but i have heard about them
or maybe Desperado ?
Dang where have I been I haven't see any of these
You should . and you should see The Shawshank Redemption
Im writing these down now lol
it is legendary movie
Okay great thank you
bye
I will check them out
what kind of movies do you like?
Hello! What kind of epic movies can you request? The Lord of the Rings  is my favorite of all time
Yes! I love that movie! . have you seen Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince ?
I haven't, I've only seen the first Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone
It is my favourite fantasy movie. . that one is ok too.
Okay, thank you
if you like that kind of movies you should see Pan's Labyrinth
Oh yes, I love that movie! . He also made The Shape of Water that I absolutely loved last year!
I have not seen it, but I will . tahnks . bye
Thank you for the recommendations. Have a great day.
Hi
Hello what the last movie you saw?
It will be Memento . have you seen it?
No I haven't what is it about
it is a mystery movie . you should watch it.
Okay cool
The Prestige is a great movie too.
Have you seen Rampage . Okay what is that one about . Or even Game Night
Mystery too, about ,magicians . I have not seen Rampage
Its a good movie with Dwayne Johnson
Oh, great . thank you . bye
Hello whats your favorite movie
Hhi . My favourite is the Hangover . if we are talking comedies :D
Okay cool movie
Do you have a good comedy movie recommendation?
try Game Night
I have seen it . its okay
Or Life of the Party
maybe something else? . have seen it too :D . i like it . try again we have the same taste :D
I see . Have you seen the new The Avengers
Thats the one! Thanks! . Bye!
Hello whats a good movie for girls night
How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days . it is very funny movie
lmbo yea great movie to talk about with the girls
have you seen good drama movie lately? . something like The Pianist
I haven't seen that one
What is your favourite movie?
I don't have one what is yours
That will be The Shawshank Redemption . have you seen it? . But I love also The Godfather
No I haven't . im so lame but thank you I will watch them
bye
hello whats a good action movie
Hello . i need one good action movie too! . have you seen the classics . Maybe Die Hard or The Terminator
Never seen it . Anything up to dat e
can you recommend me something like that please . i like Deadpool too
I don't know any old movies . The new Deadpool 2 is awesome
i havent seen it . thanks for your recommendation i love it! . Bye!
thumbs up
HI
Hello can you suggest a good kid movie?
How are you? . Sure! What about The Incredibles . Are you thinking for older kids?
I think he seen that one. My son is 8 . I keep hearing Peter Rabbit . Would that be a good movie?
Okay. Well Incredibles 2 is coming out! . I havent seen that one yet.
Okay great that would be perfect
Has he seen How to Train Your Dragon
I can make it a weekend of it. . Thought that was a tv show
Yeah, it is coming out mid-june. . No its a movie!
Im not up on these movies lol
There is also How to Train Your Dragon 2 . It's okay! Im not really either I have just seen that one.
okay you been a great help thank you so much . Have a awesome day
You too bye!
what kind of movies do you like?
Hi! . What about kids movies?
The Lion King is my favourite . what about you? . what about Beauty and the Beast
Oh yes those are al good! . I like Mulan . Have you seen it?
I like it too . Do you like Tangled ?
Yes thats a movie! . One of the better ones I think.
Yes I agree
Cant go wrong with classics. . It was nice chatting with you! . Goodbye!
Yes, you too . bye
Hello What is the best movie out today?
I think . for me Oldboy
What is that?
whats the best one for you? . Its a crazy drama . you must see it
I never heard of it to be honest
look into it trust me
What do you like thats more recent . will do
or even the American(english version) Oldboy . i like Date Night . or The Avengers
Game Night was funny . great movies
yeah . Ok thanks for your recommendations . bye!
Thanks . bye
Hello. Can you recommend a movie for me that you think is good?
Hi! . Do you know of any 90's movies? . I like Save the Last Dance . Even though thats not 90's close enough!
I am a big fan of the The Big Lebowski
Oh okay, I havent seen that one!
It's definitely worth a watch! . What other movie would you like to know about?
I loved the soundtrack and dancing of course! . I also liked Drumline . Have you seen it?
I have not seen that one but I will add it to my list this year! . Have you ever seen Pulp Fiction ?
Yes, I have a long time ago. I can't say if I remember if it was good or not. . What do you think?
I thought it was a really good movie with a lot of plot twists.
Okay maybe I will check it out again! . Thanks for chatting with me! . Goodbye!
Thank you for chatting with me! . Bye!
Hello. What kind of movie are you seeking?
Hi . How are you/ . ?
I'm doing great, how are you?
Im good! . I'm looking for a movie that has dancing it in! . *in it
One moment please!
I like Chicago
Have you ever seen a movie called Footloose . My parents liked that one a lot.
That's a good one. I havent seen it in a while though.
I have seen Chicago, it is a good movie! . Have you seen Black Swan
I like Save the Last Dance
It also has dancing in it!
I have seen that. It was a little weird to me.
That is a movie I have not seen yet, but I will add it to my list. . Yes, it was a little weird wasn't it?
More of a hip hop vibe. . Center Stage is a good one! . Have you seen it? Ballet and Jazz dancing.
I have seen that one after a friend recommended it to me, thank you for reminding me!
Your welcome! . It was nice chatting with you!
Thank you for the chat!
Goodbye!
Goodbye!
hello . there are some great movies out right now, what are you looking for?
Hi . Maybe a comedy
How about Spaceballs . or the classic Office Space ? . Those are both really funny
Oh I havent seen either!
what funny movie do you like?
Any others? . I liked Rush Hour
you could watch an action/comedy like Ghostbusters or a scary/comedy like Scary Movie . Rush Hour is also good for action!
I have seen both of those! . It was nice chatting with you! . Goodybye!
bye.
Hi, what kind of movie are you looking to see?
Hi! . How are you?
I'm good, what are you looking for in a movie?
How about a comedy?
Sure! My all time favorite is Zoolander , have you seen it? . Blockers Is newer and was much funnier than I expected it to be. . What is your favorite?
I havent seen either of those!
They're both great
Any others?
Well, Monty Python and the Holy Grail is a classic, and you can't go wrong with The Royal Tenenbaums .  Have you seen either of those?
I havent seen those! . Thank you for suggesting those!
Well then, you have quite a marathon to watch. Thank you and have a great day
Goodybe! . *Goodbye!
Hello, what kind of movie are you looking to see?
Hi . How are you?
I'm good
I like action.
Casino Royale has a lot of great action, have you seen that?
Yes I have! . Kind of reminds me James Bond movies!
How about Dawn of the Planet of the Apes ? All of those movies are very good . There's a lot of action in them . The Rock is also very good, though it doesn't have the actor The Rock in it...
Okay I havent seen those!
Thank you, enjoy your movies! . Bye
Bye!
Hello, what are you looking for?
Hey! . How are you?
Not too bad
I'm looking for a kid movie! . Like The Incredibles
Oh cool, Have you seen Isle Of Dogs ? That's a great new one . I haven't seen The Incredibles
No I havent. I will have to check it out! . Incredibles 2 should be good as well. I cant wait to see it!
Ah well, what about Despicable Me ? I saw that a long time ago and loved it . And Toy Story is a classic! A staple of my childhood
Oh yeah! Those are great! . Well thanks for chatting! Have a good one! . Goodbye!
Bye! Happy watching
hello!
Hello! I'm looking for a scary movie. One of my favorites is A Quiet Place
I recommend The Haunting . It's scary! . Also, you can watch The Rescuers Down Under . Maybe you can watch Freddy vs. Jason . That's super scary. . I am not a horror film fanatic but I will watch it. . You can also try watching Texas Chainsaw 3D . . That's a creepy film!
Oh cool, I did see The Haunting years ago and liked it
Another one I suggest is Blood Red .
I haven't seen any of those other ones. I have my work cut out of me, ha! . Thank you, have a good day
I hope these helped! . Bye
hi there
Hello! What kind of movies are you looking for?
I like all sorts of films
What is your absolute favorite?
I especially like family films like Frozen . or The Princess and the Frog to watch with kids . Anything exciting really . What do you recommend for me to watch?
Oh I loved Frozen ! Moana  was great as well if you havent seen it. Songs were very catchy
I also last Fast & Furious . Yes Moana is great! . I will definitely watch it again . Any other suggestions for me? . I also like Up
One of my favorites is Stardust , it could be watched with older children
Any Pixar is good too . Ok I will watch Stardust . Thanls . thanks!!!
Mulan is also a classic . Is that enough family friendly and adventure films for you?
yes bye
Hi!
hi
How are you?!
I like various movies, I am fine! . Can you recommend me fun movies ?
Have you seen The Commuter
I like The Dawns Here Are Quiet . I also like Jurassic Park
Fun movies Jumanji was funny !
I even like the sequel Jurassic Park III . Yes Jumangi is great! . I will watch it
I haven’t seen Jurassic Park
Thanks for telling me about it . I like Disney films too
Vacation is funny too!!!
Anything really fun is good . Ok I will watch vacation. . I like The Waterboy
Black Panther
thanks bye
Yes!! Thank you for your time be
hi
Hi! What kind of movies are you looking for?
I like action and comedy . I also like family type films . I like various sorts even horror sometimes . What films should I watch?
ooh have you seen Spaceballs ?
I don't mind watching things like A Walk in the Clouds
Not family friendly but a good comedy
Ok I will try Spaceballs . I can even watch cartoons too like The Little Mermaid . I don't mind foreign films too . What else should I watch? . How about a zombie film, lol....just kidding . Hercules is fun to watch too . I can even watch Hollow
It isnt a foreign film but The Hundred-Foot Journey is wonderful and takes place in France
Ok I will try that
Amélie is a french film as well that is wonderful.
Wow thanks! . Bye
Hi!
hi . I like to watch anything really
What type of movies are you into
I am not picky at all
Have you seen Jumanji
I can watch Train Ride
Or Black Panther
I can even watch Coming Home . I like christmas movies too . I am a holiday lover
I haven’t seen train ride but I have seen coming home!
What else to watch? Help me think....lol
Omg Elf is great I watch it every year
Ok those are great . thanks for telling me about them
Np bye !
I even like Mermaid
Hi, what kinds of movies do you like?
Hello whats ur favorite movies? . I like all movies
My favorite movie is Apollo 13 . Great storytelling and thematics
Never seen that one
If you like space movies you will enjoy it . What is your favorite?
Not a big fan of them . I don't have a favorite
What about fantasy?
You like action movies
My other favorites are Ever After and Stardust
Rampage was great
I havent seen that one? What genre is it?
Its a good action/comedy with the Rock(Dwayne Johnson)
Love the rock! . Jumanji was good as well
I will recommend that one then. Rampage is better . Thanks though have a great day bye
Have a good day!
Hello
hi . I like all sorts . I can watch anything fun . I like action and comedy . I also like Children for family time . What should I watch? . Something like Deep Blue Sea . Those are fun to watch.
Comedy?! Jumanji was good and action  inception was amazing
I even like cartoons like Enchanted \
Enchanted was great!
Ok I can watch it . I like Solaris too
Yes Elf is great
I enjoy watching movies
Never seen solaris
Yes I hear Elf is great . Ok I want to watch more comedy
I watch it alll the time
What else? . Homeward Bound is heart warming . Do you think I should watch comedy tonight or romance?
Have you seen Deadpool 2 . Comedy tonight !!
ok I will
Romance tomorrow !
More movies recommendaitons for me? . deadpool ok!
good romance is 50 First Dates
bye
Bye
Hello!
Hello
I’m into anything !
Seen anything good lately?
Last movies I seen was Black Panther and The Commuter  which are both grrwat . Great* what about you
I seen the those. My last movie was Rampage The Avengers
Ohh nice how was rampage?! Did you like avengers
Both was great movies
I will have to check them out then ! Have you seen Jumanji . Jumanji 2018 one!
I think Rampage is better
Wow ! Must be super great then ! . Well nice talking to you :) . Bye
yes, bye
Hi!
ghi . hi
What type of movies you like ?!
I like adam sandler movies
Inception was great have you seen it . Nice !! I love Click . And Big Daddy . Eight Crazy Nights was hilarious !!
Wow, so many good movies. . I can't decide which one to pick.
Mr. Deeds is one of my faves he’s a great actor . Have you seen Grown Ups 2
No sure I will have to check.
Yes ya pretty great! . Nice talking to you bye :)
bye
hello there . How are you today?
Hello whats a good movie to watch . Im great thanks and you
I am not sure, I was going to ask you that, lol! . But I think The Jailhouse would be good . It's criminal stuff.
I like action and comedy the most and Rampage ge fit that
Cool!
Crime movies then you might like Seven Seconds
Great stuff . Angelina Jolie movies are good too . What can I watch with her?
Didn't she play in Salt that was good
Ok that sounds like a good movie to me. . thanks for suggesting . Bye
hI
Hello there friend.
How are you?
I am fine, thanks for asking. . I would like to watch movies today.
What movies do you like?
What should I watch? Well I am into science and comedy. . But I want the movies to be clean as well. . I have small children in the house.
Have you seen The Fifth Element . Okay, understandable.
We watch Moana . Its their favorite. I like it too. It's so funny.
Thats is a good one! I like the songs in it.
We also like Brother Bear . . I cried in it. . I hate when people pass away. . I also like action films. . What movies should I watch?
Yeah me too! . Have you seen Avengers: Infinity War
I can watch Waterboys for a good laugh. . Ok Avengers is awesome.
Havent seen that one! . Yes, I thought it was good!
Thanks for suggesting. Bye.
Hello what a good action movie . I like Rampage
Hi! . I havent seen it! Ill take a look. . I'm into action also.
What have you seen that you like
I liked Rush Hour . The other two arent as good!
Old classic is always good . I like them all
I like Men in Black
Not a fan of Will
Seriously! . I love him!! . He's had some flops but also some good ones!
Other than Fresh prince Im good . The new The Avengers seem like a good one
Okay, he was definitely in his element in that  show. . Of course!
Yes indeed. thanks have a great day bye
Hi . How are you?
Hello I am great and you
What movies do you like?
what a awesome movie you have seen lately? . I like Life of the Party
Avengers: Infinity War . I heard that was good!
That was a great movie
It was! . What about Black Panther
Have you see Deadpool 2 . Love it awesome
Havent seen that one! . I am going to though. . First one was good!
Yes it indeed you should try that one. you would love it . have a great day okay
Thanks It was nice talking to you Bye!
Hi
Hello have you seen any good movies?
How are you? . Yes, I just saw Avengers: Infinity War what about you?
Yes I seen that as well
What movies do you like?
Have you seen the new Deadpool 2 . or Breaking In
I havent but I would like to have you?
Yes seen both really good movies
Ok cool.
I am thinking about taking my kid to see Show Dogs
I want to see Ant-Man and the Wasp Does that look good to you?
Yes I would want to see that too
Cool! Well it was nice chatting with you! Bye!
Hi . What genres do you like?
Hi! . I like comedy and romance.
Thats great . i have a couple of recommendations
Okay,
Have you seen La La Land or How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days . Both great movies
Yes I have seen both! I like them!
Me too :D
You cant help but smile!
Have you seen Pretty Woman
Yeah, a long time ago/ . .
oh . how about Notting Hill
You cant go wrong with Julia Roberts!
She's the best!
No I havent. I will check it though.Thank you! . Have a good one! Bye!
You are wellcome!
Hi . What type of movies do you like?
IHello . i like comedies! . i like goofy movies . Do you have a recommendation
Have you see Get Him to the Greek . I really enjoyed that one!
i need one for tonight . Yes its great! classic story of a dorky guy and a cool guy . mixing them is awesome
Have you seen Thor: Ragnarok . its a superhero movie but also pretty funny.
No i have not, but i dont like superhero movies . something like Hangover . i liked hangover really much!
Okay how about Very Bad Things
Thats perfect for me
Same kind of concept but much darker.
Thanks my friend!
you are welcome.Enjoy!
Bye!
Hi, how are you?
Hello! I'm looking for a scary movie. Hostel is one of my favorites.
Obviously, Saw but I'm sure you've seen that. I liked the recent movie, The Boy . Hush was good as was The Eyes of My Mother
Haha, I love Saw and I've never seen The Boy . I haven't seen those either. Those are some good recommendations . I'll have to check those out soon.
Yeah 2016 and 2017 were good horror years you can delve deep into. . Have a good one mate
Awesome. Bye!
Hi, I love comedy movies like Zoolander , can you recommend more?
Hi can I recommend a good comedy?
Yes please!
Sure did you watch Sex and the City ?
Nope, I'll have to look it up
It's a great moovie. . You can also watch Sex and the City 2 . I loved this one even more
I love Ben Stiller. Meet the Parents is also a favorite. . Maybe after the first one
Meet the Parents is awesome. I really enjoyed watching it
That's great. Have a good night!
Hi, what are you into for movies?
Hey, I'm looking for horror/thriller movies from 2016 or 2017
Great! Have you seen Jigsaw or A Quiet Place ?
Yes, I liked both of those!
Oh that's awesome, let me think of some more . Insidious: Chapter 4 was recent as well
Oh, I haven't seen that
It wasn't as good as the others, but it was pretty good in theaters . Finally, have you seen The Strangers ? . A little older, but good
Yes, I didn't like that movie actually
Oh, well at least you have one to go watch! . Have a good night
See you.
Hi, how are you?
Hi can you please recommend a detective moovie? . I liked Sherlock Holmes . This is classic .
Yes. The  ones that come to mind are Zodiac, Seven , and Murder on the Orient Express
I watched Zodiac . I also watched Murder on the Orient Express . I loved it. I've never seen Seven . Can you recommend anything else?
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo was a who-dun-it . Oh look into Identity
Thank you. I've never seen The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo . Is it better then the The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo ? . Thank you, I'll check Identity
I've never seen the 2009 one
I see. Thank you for your suggestions.
Bye.
Hi
Hi, can you recommend me mystery? I liked Memento
I havent seen that one. What kind of movies do you like?
Mystery or thriller please!
Oh I'm sorry how about Clue
I love that movie, thanks!
No problem! What about It
Yep, that was awesome! Maybe try one more
I hear it is good if you like that kind of thing! . Have you seen The Ring
Oh nope, I've heard of it though and it looked good . Thank you, I will check that out! Bye
Bye!
Hi, what are you looking to watch?
Hi . How about a 90's movie!
Haha okay. Have you seen Seven ? Or I Know What You Did Last Summer ?
I like She's All That . Not a fan of either
Ohh Bynes . Hmm how about Big Fat Liar ? . What about Jumanji ?
I havent seen that one I will check it out! . I have seen that one!
Okay! Have a nice night
Bye!
Hey, how are you
Hi . Im good! You?
Good. What movies do you like?
How about a comedy. . An older one.
I like Hot Fuzz and Ghostbusters of course. . Blazing Saddles is actually a really good parody of westerns . The Big Lebowski is great also.
Oh those are all good ones! . Have seen that one! . What about 90's?
The Big Lebowski  is 98 ;)  Also Groundhog Day
Great thanks! . Have a good night! Bye!
Bye
Hi . How are you?
Hello, can you recommend me an epic movie? The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is my favorite! . I'm good!
How about Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
I think that's a great idea, I only saw Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone . Anything else?
What about The Bodyguard . Not epic but good!
I've never even heard of that, hah . I'll look it up . Have a good one
You too ! Bye!
Hi how are you?
Hi, can you recommend me something good from the 80s? I like Ferris Bueller's Day Off . I'm good thanks
Well, I enjoy Fast Times at Ridgemont High and The Breakfast Club
Those were classics! Can you think of anything else?
Ghostbusters  and Back to the Future , which is my favorite movie
Oh awesome. I've never actually seen Ghostbusters either . I heard it was terrible
Yeah I haven't either. . Have a good one.
Well I'll check something out from that list . Thank you and good night
Hey, how's it going?
Hi . Good and you?
Good, good . What movies do you like?
how about action like Avengers: Infinity War
I'd recommend Inception , Iron Man and Doctor Strange
Those are all great! . I havent seen them in a while
Those are all action filled.
They are thanks! . Have a good one! . Bye!
Bye!
Hi, what are you looking for?
Hi . How are you?
I'm quite well
How about action like Black Panther
Oh that was great . Have you seen Justice League ? That was way better than I expected. Or Thor: Ragnarok ?
Yes to both! They were good!
Hm, okay. How about Highlander ? Very old school but excellent action . Blade was an original superhero movie too
I havent seen that one I will check it out! . Classic!
Alright great! . Have a good night
Have a good one Bye!
Hi . How are you?
Hi, how are you?
Looking for a funny one! . Im good thank you.
Superbad . It is funny in parts.  Have you watched that yet?
Yeah I have!
Another suggestion would be The Odd Couple .  It is a classic comedy.
I will check that one out! . Havent seen it
Do you tend to like newer movies or classic?
Both really.
What We Do Is Secret is a newer movie that had a very high Rotten Tomatoes score, though I have not gotten to check out myself yet.
Never heard of it
Maybe we will both have to check it out!  And of course, I always try to end in the classic Planes, Trains and Automobiles .
Havent seen that one either! Thanks . Have a good one! Bye!
I feel like you can never go wrong with John Candy and Steve Martin together. . Have a great night!
Hi, what are you looking to see?
Hi there! . How about a musical like Hairspray
Oh boy, let's see
Have you seen it? . Even if you dont like musicals its good!
How about La La Land . Haha I don't know many but I will try
I love that!
Oh great
Dreamgirls is good!
Hm, what about Rent
That is one I havent seen
It's musical but not singing, they play every day objects like percussion . Give it a shot, have a good one
You too bye!
Hello!
Hi there!
I'd like to see something like Underworld
What kind of movie is that?
Action fantasy
Ok I will try! . Have you seen The Fifth Element
Oh yep, I love that movie
Ok! . What about The Lord of the Rings
Something like Van Helsing . Oh wow, I've heard that's really good . Thank you. Can you think of one more?
Sure what about Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
Wonderful! I'll check it out . Have a good night
Good! Bye!
Hi, how's it going? . What kind of movie do you want to see?
HI! . How about a comedy?
Sure, I just saw Blockers and it was great! Did you see The Hangover ?
I havent seen that one! But I have seen the  Hangover
Alright, well Zoolander and DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story are also classics!
I liked Rush Hour also. . Yes I have seen both of those always funny!
Mmhm, well enjoy! . Have a good night
Bye!
Hi
Hi, what kind of action movies can you recommend? I like things like Faster
I like comedy like Rush Hour
Ok, I have not seen that one. I will add it to my list. Thanks.
Really? It’s pretty good! . So you like action? . How about Deadpool
I like all kinds of movies, except horror. My favorite genre have to be based on a true story think Deepwater Horizon or Pain & Gain
Me too!
I have seen Deadpool it was pretty good, can't wait to see Deadpool 2
It will be good I think! . Have a good night! Nice talking to you! Bye!
thanks, you as well.
Hi . What can you suggest for a romantic comedy?
Hi . How about Hitch . Can’t go wrong with Will Smith!
Oh, Hitch was a good one, I really liked it!
Nice! . How about 10 Things I Hate About You . Oldie but goodie
I have never seen 10 Things I Hate About You I am going to have to see that one. Sounds good, thanks! . have you seen Maid in Manhattan . I thought that one was pretty good
Yes! One of my favorites! . I love me some Jlo!
Can you suggest something like 27 Dresses . I liked that one but am looking for something like it
Not off hand. The only thing coming to mind right now is Monster-in-Law . It’s pretty funny though! . Hope that helped! Have a good one! Goodbye!
Monster-in-Law another JLo movie, thanks for that suggestion I will look into that. . it did, thank you have a goodbye!
Hello! How are you
Hey, I'm good. . I'm looking for 80s movies
Have you seen Footloose
No, but I should!
Omg yesss!!!!! That’s a classic! What about The Breakfast Club . Or Ghostbusters
Yeah, I like The Breakfast Club
Yes it’s good! What movie have you seen recently
I actually haven't seen Ghostbusters but I should. . I just saw Fast Times at Ridgemont High which is an 80s movie I really liked. I also saw Avengers: Infinity War  which I liked
Yes pretty goood it’s the original ! . I haven’t seen Fast Times at Ridgemont High . But I should check it out
Yeah. Have a good one.
Well it was nice talking bye
Hello!
Hi, what kind of movies do you like?
I'm looking for something animated. I just saw Isle Of Dogs and loved it.
Oh, nice.  How about  Zootopia or Moana   oh and The Boss Baby  were all awesome movies
Oh great, I haven't seen any of those! . Anything else?
How about The Incredibles  I hear a new one is coming soon.
Oh yes, I loved that movie . Thank you so much!
You're welcome. . Have a nice day, bye.
Hello
Hello whats your favorite movie
What type of movies are you into? . My favorite movie is Marley & Me and Enough
I like all movies action and comedy mostly
What about yu ?
I havent seen neither one of them
Good action movie is The Commuter San Andreas
Sounds good
Yes super good The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift is great
Okay thanks I will check them out . bye
What was the last movie you watched ?
Greetings what a good date night movie
Hi do you know of any good animated movies, like Finding Dory
Peter Rabbit is a good movie
I love animated movies.  I think they are great for date nights. . Oh, I haven't seen it but will check it out. . I really enjoyed Finding Nemo  too and Inside Out
Don't really think they're a good date night movie
I hear Isle Of Dogs is good too . Heh, well I'm a big kid at heart and I would be that geek on a date at an animated film.
okay thanks have a good day . bye
Bye.
Hello, What's a good movie to see?
Hi what type of movies do you like? . I really like Grease , have you seen it?
all . no i havent . Have you seen Life of the Party rty?
Nope, is it funny?  I like Bad Moms too.  I haven't seen A Bad Moms Christmas yet
Yes it was a good movie
You would probably like The Hangover
Yes I do I saw them . Thanks have a great day
Have you seen Life of the Party party?
No, I would like to.  Have you seen Step Brothers
Yes that was a cool movie . What was the last movie you seen?
I like comedies.  How about an older one, Mean Girls
I love comedy and action movies
I just watched The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones . Have you seen it?
I have seen all these . Try a more recent movie since you like comedy  maybe Game Night
Haven't seen that, would like to.  How about Game Night
well watch it cool movie . bye
Bye, thank you
Hello what a good movie you have seen?
A good movie I have seen is Step Brothers
The last movie I seen was Deadpool 2 good movie . have you seen it
I am dying to see Avengers: Infinity War
okay cool
I have not seen Deadpool 2 yet but I rewatched Deadpool afain the other night
If you like the first one you would like that one
I really just like Ryan Reynolds haha
Yea he pretty good
It's kind of an odd movie, but I like the different style of it
Okay have a great day it was nice talking to you . bye
Hi! . How are you?
Greetings Im well thanks how are you
Good! What kind of movies do you like?
I like all movies to be honest but my favorite is action and comedy. What about you?
I like action as well. What about Rush Hour ?
Good movie!! Have you seen Rampage
No I haven’t. Is it good?
or the new The Avengers or Deadpool 2 . Yes very good lots of action
Have you seen Avengers: Infinity War
Thats what I just asked but yes I saw it
I’ve seen Deadpool but not the second one
Okay it was nice chatting have a great day . bye
Hi
Good Morning how are you today . Have you seen any good movies lately?
Yes . Black Panther . for the third time lol what about you?
I loved that movie . The last movie I saw was Rampage
Oh never heard of it was it pretty good?!
Yes, is the movie with the Rock (Dwayne Johnson)
Ah love him! He was awesome in San Andreas
Have you seen Deadpool or Deadpool 2 . Then I am surprised you don't know about his newest movie
Yes! . Deadpool 2  was super good! . you have to go see it
I will this weekend . It was great chatting with you have a good day bye for now
Yes I recommend Jumanji  wa sgood . bye . bye
Good Morning
Hi! . how are you?! . What type of movies do you like?
Good and you? I like Life of the Party . have you seen it
Omg never seen it but i shall! Last movie I saw wss Black Panther
How did you like it
It was great i een it 3 times~ . I like Jumanji too super funy . The Commuter is a great action movie . have you seen it?!
That was okay to me not one of his best movies . I havent seen The Commuter though
Whats one of your favorites!? . Its good! it actually came out this year . Well nice tlaking to you:) . bye
This is 2018 not 2017 but Baywatch or Rampage . bye
Hello!
Hello was a great movie to see
Black Panther was good and Deadpool
I saw those
Have you seen Avengers: Infinity War
Yes I saw that one too good movie
Super good I like San Andreas with the rock
Have you seen the New Deadpool 2 . Yes saw that too
Yes i seen new one! . GreaT! . Well nice talking to you bye :)
bye
Hi!
Hello . How are you doing today
Im great and you
I am awesome thanks
What type of movies do you like
I love action movies . like Rampage . Have you seen it
No i ahvent seen it yet . I want too!
cool its a great movie
Last movie i saw was The Commuter . Ahhh yess ! so excited to see it then!!
That was a good movie as well . What else would you like to see?
Have you seen Deadpool 2 ? . or Avengers: Infinity War
Yes I seen both of them great movie . Deadpool 2 is funny . and good action
HAHA yesss! one of my fave christmas movie is Elf . I really enjoyed San Andreas with the rock
Those are some good movies as well . Nice chatting have a great day
bye you too
bye
Hi how are you
Good morning . Im good and you . Whats your favorite movie . I like all kind of movies have you seen Game Night very fuuny . funny*
I really enjoy San Andreas . no omg it sounds fun!
Anything new
I like Jumanji
Ok cool
and Deadpool 2
I want to see the new Ant-Man and the Wasp
I know that looks super super awesome!!!
yes it does
Well nice talking to you bye :)
Hello . How are you this morning
Hi how are you? Did you see Spider-Man ? . I am great thanks.
Im good thanks . Yes I have seen it
Did you like it?
Not a big fan of superhero movies
Got it, what about drama? Have you seen The Phantom of the Opera?
If you like them you must like The Avengers and Deadpool 2 . I don't know what that one is
I enjoyed both Deadpool 2 and The Avengers. The Phantom of the Opera is a great classic remake if you like drama and mystery you should watch it.
Okay cool I will check it out and see what its about
Do you like comedies?
It was nice talking to you have a good day . Yes I do . bye for now
Hello how is it going
Hi I'm goo . *Good . I'd like to see something like Casino . The gangster action movie
Thats a good movie . So that mean you like Scarface
Yeah! I love that movie . Anything else?
How about American Gangster . Pulp Fiction
I have not seen either of those! . Thank you . Have a great day
Hello
Hi there
How are you . Whats a good movie
I'd like to see something dark, like Sicario
okay what do you want to see . Try the It
Oh I loved that movie, thanks! Anything else?
What do you have in mind
Anything, I'd like to get a couple more movies in my marathon
I want to see the new The Avengers movie . I like comedy and action
Oh yes, it was great! How about one more
I love all movies . its not much I wouldnt see
Can you think of one more title to recommend?
I love to go to the movies all the time . you can
Please recommend one more for me to see
How to Stop Being a Loser
Awesome! I'll check it out. Have a great day.
Hi there . What kind of movie are you looking for?
Hello, I like action and comedy . I want to see the new Ant-Man and the Wasp
Awesome, that looks great! . Have you seen Justice League ? It was surprisingly good
Yes I did . My boyfriend like superhero movie . So i see all of them
Oh okay, well The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is a classic, as well as Blade . Check those out sometime!
sounds good . maybe I will
Have a great day
Hi there . What are you looking to see?
I would love to watch an action movie. Do you have any suggestions?
Casino Royale has a lot of action. I also love Red Sparrow . Heat is a great classic action movie, but Goodfellas has a lot of heart
I haven't seen either of those. Some of the older ones are good too. Like Sneakers with Robert Redford.
Oh cool, that's good too . You should check out all of my recommendations
I will, thank you. You should also try Contact
I'll check it out! . Have a great day
You too!
Hi, what kind of movies do you like?
Hello . How are you today
I'm great and yourself?
I like movies like Game Night . I am great thankx
Oh, I just watched that, it was hilarious. . Have you seen Girls Trip  that movie was hilarious
Yes I loved that movie
Have you seen any of the Hangover  movies like The Hangover  or Hangover . If not you should check them out! . Another good comedy is Super Troopers
What are they about
They are comedies.  Kind of like stoner movies. . There's a new Super Troopers 2  coming soon, I can't wait.
I will see what they about
Well, it was nice chatting with you, if you like comedies, you should give them all a try.
bye
Have a nice day.  Goodbye.
Hi there! . What kind of movies do you like?
Hello. . I like science fiction. Any suggestions?
Sure! Event Horizon is perfect sci-fi/horror, and I love The Matrix . I have a couple others too
I like the Star Trek movies.
Well okay, how about Interstellar ?
I'm not sure I've seen that one. You should try Gattaca
Yes I love that movie . Thank you . Have a great day
You too. Goodbye.
Hello . How is it going
Hi, going great. How about you?
Whats your favorite movie . I am great
All time, would be Super Troopers , I'm excited that Super Troopers 2 is happening!! . I love comedies like Girls Trip  and Game Night . Any recommendations?
Those are some great movies . I want to see Breaking In . seem like a great movie
Oh, haven't heard of that one. . I'll check it out, thanks!  Bye now.
or Life of the Party
Hi, how are you?
Hello . I am fine and you . what is a good movie
I'm great.  I enjoy movies like Game Night and Super Troopers  I'm so excited for Super Troopers 2
Anything else . Game Night was good
Was that not enough? haha.
havent seen the other and not interested . funny
I love stoner movies, so Pineapple Express is a good movie and How High  do you have any recommendations?
Any comedy movies . Isnt those smoking movies
ok thanks have a nice day. . yep,
right
take care thanks for the recommendation.
no thanks but bye
goodbye.
Greetngs
Hi, how are you?
greetings* . Im good how are you . Whats a good scary movie . I like the It . Have you seen that one
I really love animation movies like The Incredibles  and Wreck-It Ralph i can't wait for Incredibles 2 . Oh... um, how about any Saw movie lol
How about all the Scream movies . that is funny movie if you ask me
I saw the original It but not the new one.
You will like Peter Rabbit . great for kids
Yes, I was just saying I would love it.  I love the graphics of the animations.  And I'm a big kid at heart. . thanks for the tip.  have a great day . bye.
bye
Hello!
Good afternoon . How are you today
How are you! . im great how are you?1 . what movies do you like?
I am good thannks . thanks* . I like the new The Avengers . Have you seen it
Yes that was good! and Black Panther
Yes I would like to see that one again . Did you see the Deadpool 2
I seen it 3 times ! lol . Yes I love deadpool!!! . have you seen Game Night
Wow you must really like it to see it 3 times . Yes awesome movie very funny . I wouldnt mind seeing that again
yes! im black panther it out though
Great!! It was good talking with you have a awesome day . bye for now
bye
Hello . What's your favorite movie
Hi how are you? . I love animations like The Incredibles can't wait for Incredibles 2
Oh nice! . Have you seen Isle Of Dogs?
I also love Wreck-It Ralph . No, I haven't but will check it out, thanks.
Very good . Despicable Me is also a great one
Oh yes, I love those movies! . Thank you have a great day. bye
You too! bye
Hello . What's your favorite movie?
Mastermind
Oh! Interesting
How about you?
Have you seen Othello or Eraserhead ?
No but I did see Seed of Chucky
Oh cool, you'd like Bride of Chucky then
I really would.
Have a great day!
Hi, how are you?
Hello . I am fine . thanks
I love the The Incredibles  can't wait for Incredibles 2
how are you . I didn't know that it was another one coming out . when does it come out
and i love both Hotel Transylvania and Hotel Transylvania 2 . In June !!
Okay I havent seen those . Okay I have to check it out
What would you recommend?
Love the first one . I like comedy so Life of the Party . Game Night
ok, cool I'll check it out. thanks ah, i love Game Night . Thanks, take care. Bye
Date Night . bye
Hello! . how are you this morning
Hi. Can you please recommend a good action movie. Something similar to The Matrix
hmm . do you like X-Men . or Men in Black
Men in Black  is classic. I loved this one! . What else can you recommend?
i REALLY like Star Trek Generations . and Austin Powers in Goldmember
Star Trek Generations is the best! I've never seen Austin Powers in Goldmember . I think I'll go with this one. Thank you
Np bye :)
Hi there
Hi, how are you
My favorite movie is The Matrix , could you recommend something? . I'm good
How about John Wick
I've seen it, loved it. What else?
Any of the other The Matrix Reloaded  or The Matrix Revolutions
You know, I missed that last one The Matrix Revolutions . I'll have to rent it somewhere . Well, thank you
You're welcome. have a great day. Goodbye.
Bye!
Hello . How is it going
Hi There! Have you seen Deadpool ?
Yes I saw it . have you seen the Deadpool 2
It was good i am looking forward to seeing it soon. Was it good?
Yes it was awesome . What about the Avengers: Infinity War . I like superhero movies
I love The Avengers
Have a lot of action . some of them be very funny too
Infinity war was awesome too!
I cant wait to see Ant-Man and the Wasp
I tried watching Star! but fell asleep.
havent heard of it
Ant-Man was great but I really love Wonder Woman
Yea those are great movies too . especially Wonder Woman . It was great talking to you have a great day . bye
bye you too
Hello . How are you
Hi, I'm great and you?
I am trying to find a movie for my kid any suggestions? . I am fine thanks
Hi, I love movies like Zootopia  The Incredibles  and Wreck-It Ralph . I'm sure your kid would love those. . I love animation movies, would you recommend any?
Okay what is Wreck-It Ralph
It's a great animated movie based on gaming culture and it's really cute.
My son keep talking about Early Man
Oh, I haven't heard of that.  I'm hearing a lot about Isle Of Dogs and Peter Rabbit . Well, thanks I'll look into that one. Take care. . Goodbye.
Yes Peter Rabbit . okay bye
Good Afternoon
Hi, How are you? . what kind of movies do you like?
I am fine . thanks . How are you today?
I'm great! . Thanks for asking. . What kind of movies do  you like?
I want to see Ant-Man and the Wasp
I recently seen Black Panther  it was amazing!
I saw Ant-Man it was good
Oh, I'd like to see those too!  They're on my list. . I hear Deadpool 2  was awesome.  I want to see that too.
I like Black Panther
And Avengers: Infinity War
Have you seen Deadpool
Yes, it was hilarious.
The first one is a must watch . I totally agree
Also The Avengers was great
Yes I love superhero movies
Me too.  Best type of movies those and animation movies. . I can't wait for the new Incredibles 2
Ikr . I am so there
So soon, it comes out June 15th I think! . Haha, well nice.  Thanks for the chat.
you too bye
Have a great day. Goodbye.
you have a better one
Hi, how are you?
Hello . I am fine thanks . how are you
I'm great, thanks! . What kind of movies do you like?  Have you seen Black Panther
I have seen that one
Did you like it? How about The Incredibles
I like comedy Game Night
There's a new one coming soon Incredibles 2 . Oh, that's a great movie!
yes it was cool
Have you seen Girls Trip
When do that movie come out . Yes . It was a funny movie
June 15th I believe.
okay cool . I will check it out when it do
Cool, have a great day! . Bye.
Hi, how are you?
Hello . I am fine . how are you
I love movies like Zootopia  The Incredibles and Wreck-It Ralph - what would you recommend? . I'm great, thanks! . I am excited about the new Incredibles 2 coming soon
I havent seen those what are they about
They are family movies and usually are pretty funny movies. . I love the graphics.
You would like Peter Rabbit . my son love that movie
Yes, it's on my list to watch next. . Thanks for the tip . Have a great day, bye!
What is on your list
Hello . What's your favorite movie?
I love movies like How High  Pineapple Express  Girls Trip  and Game Night  - what would you recommend?
Oh yeah! . I just saw Blockers and that was really funny
Oh, nice! . I'll check it out. . Thanks! . Bye,
Definitely, enjoy! . Have a great day
You too.
Hello
Hi, how are you?
What is your favorite movie?
I love movies like How High  Pineapple Express Girls Trip  and Game Night  - what would you recommend?
Oh well, that's a lot, let me think.
Haha, those are my tops!
Have you seen Scary Movie or Zoolander ? . Those are my favorite comedies
Yep, both cool movies.
Hm, well perhaps Jumanji . Gotta go with the classic
Yes, love the classic.  Haven't seen the new Jumanji
Yes I have. Hmmm The Royal Tenenbaums ?
Yes, hilarious!
Well, okay, have fun watching!
Thanks! Take care. Bye.
hi
hello . how are you?
I am good you?!
I'm great.
What type of movies do you like
I love movies like Black Panther  Guardians of the Galaxy  and Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2  - what would you recommend?
I really enjoyed . The Commuter
Haven't seen it. . I'll check it out. . Thanks for the tip. . Take care. Bye.
hello what types of movies are you into
Hi How are you? . I love movies like Black Panther  Guardians of the Galaxy  and Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 and The Avengers  - what would you recommend?
I love all of those movies, id recommend X-Men: Days of Future Past Dr. Strange  Deadpool 2
Oh cool, I'll have to check those out. . Thanks! . Have a nice day. Bye.
we need 10 lines
Ah, is that a movie? ;) . I also like animation movies
Red Lines is actually a pretty solid movie
Oh, haven't seen that one either
you should check it out its worth a look
Thanks, I will do that.
have a great one
you too.
Hello, how are you?
im great how are you
I'm awesome. . Thanks for asking. . Do you know any good comedies like Girls Trip or Game Night
Think Like a Man Too and The Hangover are great choices
Oh, I've seen them both! . Loved them!
i havent seen girls trip or game night . i want to see girls trip
I loved it, reminded me of Bridesmaids as far as how much I laughed. . Any suggestions?
Bridesmaids was a funny movie . I suggest you go see Avengers: Infinity War it was great
Thanks!
have a great day
I'll definitely do that! . You as well!  Thanks for the chat. Goodbye.
Hello, how are you today?
Hi. Good thanks, how I you? I would like to watch drama movie. I like to cry. Can you recommend some ? . Godfather is the classic moovie. I cried a lot
I'm great, thanks for asking . Have  you seen The Fault in Our Stars ?
The Godfather is even better. I absolutely loved it
I heard that was a tear jerker. . Oh, I can't stand the Godfather movies personally.
No I haven't watched The Fault in Our Stars . Any other suggestions? . Really. I am surprised you didn't like Godfather
How about Titanic . Me too.  I love a good crime movie, like Goodfellas . Also, Casino was a great one
Everyone watched  Titanic . You are right! I cried literally non stop while watching it
Haha, yep! Classic cryer movie!
I've never watched Goodfellas . Thanks for the suggestion. Casino is defiantly a good movie
Well, you should check out The Fault in Our Stars . Take care.  Bye!
Hi, how are you?
hello how are you
I'm great, thanks for asking! . Know any good movies?  I love comedies like Girls Trip  or any Hangover movie. . I also like How High and Pineapple Express  too
I think youd like Think Like a Man Too and Superbad
Oh, yes... I've seen those.  Great movies! . I love Super Troopers  too . Can't wait for the new Super Troopers 2  this year!
i havent seen Super Troopers . ill check it out
Cool, sounds good. . I'm sure you'll like it! . Well, take care. . Have a great day.  Goodbye.
you should also check out Deadpool . you as well
Hello . how are you
hi . good
Whats your favorite movie
The Empire Strikes back
Never heard of it. What is it about?
really? everyone heard of at least one star wars movie . what . 's your favorite movie
Have you seen The Avengers . Im not a fan of star wars . I seen the first Avenger it was pretty good
I have seen all the avengers films.I highly recommend The Avengers
I want to see the new Ant-Man and the Wasp . I saw the first Ant-Man
I do too and avengers 4 next year
They have another one coming out? . Cool
I saw that also aslo saw Doctor Strange
I saw that one as well . It was great talking with you have a great day . bye
Hi! . What movies do you like&gt;
Hi. Could you please recommend me a movie with happy ending? Something simmilat to Waiting for Forever . I also loved Honey
The The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift  has a good ending . so cute
I watched The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift . I liked it but I loved Fast & Furious 6 even more
Also San Andreas . Oh yeah I like and enjoy them all!!
What do you think about Fast & Furious . Did you watch it?
Yes!!! It was okay ! wasnt one of my faves . Yes!!! It was okay ! wasnt one of my faves
I've never watched San Andreas . Can you recommend any movie that was realized in 2018?
Black Panther and Deadpool 2
That is awesome. I would definitely go with Black Panther . Deadpool 2 sounds to sad for me . I think Deadpool 2 might be a violent movie. I don't like those
Thats true . nice talking to you thanks for recommendations . bye :)
Thank you
Hi!
Hello . How is it going? Is it hot enough for you . Whats a good movie to see?
No its kind of chilly lol what kind of movies do you like . I really like The Commuter
I like a good plot . What is that about?
You will like that movie then!! . super good . Also San Andreas
I will check it out . The rock is in that one right
Yes! . did you like it?!
I haven't seen it . He have the Rampage . Baywatch . Jumanji
Jumanji was awesome . sooo funny
Well nice talking have a good day . bye
bye
Hi. Can you please recommend me a good dance movie. Step Up and Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights are absolutely my favorite. . I enjoyed Dirty Dancing too . Did you like them?
Im not too familiar with dance movies but i did enjoy Honey  and O . i havent seen any of those movies
I liked Honey , but I didn't like O . I found it too boring
I understand O was a slow movie
Yes I haven't enjoyed O
They also made Honey it wasnt as good as the first but it was okay
Really? I didn't even know about it. I think I have to watch Honey .
you should,have a great day
I also loved Black Swan . The movie is absolutely amazing . Thanks. You too
I Loved Black Swan totally forgot about that
See you are familiar with dance movies after all
Hi, how are you? . What kind of movies do you like?
Hello, I'm great . I like fantasy, like The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
Oh nice! Those are awesome! . Did you like Alice in Wonderland  and Alice Through the Looking Glass . If you haven't seen them, I'd suggest it.
I've never seen that, I'll check it out . Can you think of anything else?
Awesome you may also like Jumanji
Oh yes, that is a classic! . Thank you so much
I haven't seen the new Jumanji  but I hear its good too. . You're welcome.
Yes, that was awesome too . Have a great day
You too, thanks! Bye.
Hello . What are you looking to see?
Hello . how are you . A great action or comedy
Oh excellent . How about The Other Guys or Get Hard
I saw them . nice movie though
Otherwise, I'd say Die Hard and Highlander are definite musts
very funny
Enjoy your movies!
wow you went way back
Haha yeah . Classic movie night! . Have a great day
okay thx bye
Hi, how are you?
hello how are you? what kinds of movies do you like?
Have you seen any good animated movies like The Boss Baby . I really enjoy a good animation flick. I'm excited for the Incredibles 2 to come out! . I enjoyed Zootopia  a lot too
Big Hero 6 Incredibles 2 are definitly movies you should check out
Oh, I haven't seen Big Hero 6  yet
You should definitely check out Big Hero 6
I'll have to check it out . Thanks for the suggestion! . Have a nice day. Bye.
Hi, how are you?
im great how are you
I'm awesome, thanks for asking.
what kinds of movies are you into?
I love crime movies like Goodfellas , Casino , Scarface . What would you suggest?
I love all of those movies
I know, they're such classics!
I woudl suggest Goodfellas Training Day and Inside Man
Nice, I loved Training Day  but I didn't see Inside Man . Thanks for the suggestion, will check it out!
it was great wortha  watch . have a great day
You too. Goodbye.
Hi, how are you?
I'm great! . Looking for a good romantic movie
Oh nice! I love a good romance movie like the Notebook  have you seen it? . One of my all time favorites would be Dirty Dancing
Oh yes, that was a tear jerker. I loved The Jacket too . I never saw Dirty Dancing
Oh nice, haven't seen The Jacket  another classic would be Sleepless in Seattle . If you haven't already seen it, you should check it out.
Wonderful, I'll have to check that out . Thank you so much . Goodbye
You're very welcome. . Bye.
Hello, how are you today?
Hello . I'm good . How about something like Highlander: Endgame ?
What type of movies do you like?
Fantasy and action
Oh, I love superhero movies like The Avengers  can't wait to see The Avengers
I saw both of those! Both awesome
I'd suggest Guardians of the Galaxy and Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 . If you haven't already seen them.
I never caught that one
Oh, you would love it!
Thank you so much . Have a great afternoon
The graphics are amazing too! . You too!
Hello! . What's your favorite movie?
Hi. How are you?
I'm great
One of my favorites would be Super Troopers  can't wait for the new one Super Troopers 2
Oh, haha those are great . How about Blockers or Jumanji ? Those were both way funnier than I expected
I also like Pineapple Express and Girls Trip . Oh haven't seen either of those. . I have seen the original Jumanji and loved it.
Awesome, enjoy your movies! . Have a great day
You too. Goodbye.
Hello . Whats a good kid movie?
Despicable Me is a good one, my little one loves it.
My son loves that movie . He want to see Peter Rabbit have you seen that one
about what age are you looking for? . I have not seen Peter Rabbit I will have to add that one to my must watch list.
He is 5
I'm sure he will like Hotel Transylvania or The Incredibles
The new Incredibles 2 . Yea lol he saw the first one.
Also, Bolt is another good one.
WHat is that about?
It's about a dog who was on TV as a superhero and he thinks he can do it in real life. but he doesn't realize he was on a show.
Okay sounds fun to watch thank you
I hope this has helped.
Yes indeed . have a great day . bye
have a good rest of your day, goodbye.
Hello
Hi how are you
I'm looking for something scary, like Saw . I'm great
Hmm Black Water is pretty good
Oh cool, I've never seen that . Can you think of more? . I loved The Ring
Yeah its good! that is the only one i really know of not too much of a fan of scary movies
How about something else? . In case I get too scared
LOL!! hmm you like action ?! . San Andreas is pretty good
Very cool, I have never seen that . Have a great day
you too bye
Hello . What's your favorite movie?
Hello, my favorite movie is Mr. Holland's Opus
Oh that's wonderful. Have you seen The Shawshank Redemption or What About Bob%3F ?
I have seen The Shawshank Redemption and love that movie. I have not seen What About Bob%3F
Another great Dreyfuss movie is Jaws
what is that one about?
What About Bob%3F Bill Murray tortures Richard Dreyfuss with his shenanigans
haha I will definitely have to watch that one!
Have a great day
Hello!
Hello
I'm looking for something like Rain Man . Drama with good characters
What's Eating Gilbert Grape is a good one, stars Leo Dicaprio
Yes, I love it! . Can you think of more?
yes, O  is a good one with Julia Stiles and Josh Hartnett
Oh nice, I haven't seen that
August: Osage County is another good one with Meryl Streep
Haven't seen that either, I'll check those out! . Thanks so much . Have a great day
Silver Linings Playbook too, . have a great day
Great movie . Bye
Hello . What is your favorite movie?
Hi. Can you please recommend a movie with Jennifer Aniston. And my favorite movie is Love Happens . I also absolutely love Friends
Oh cool! Yes let me think . How about Serendipity ? . Oh I'm sorry . Aniston
Yes please )
How about The Break-Up ? . She was also in Horrible Bosses which was quite funny
I watched The Break-Up . Really interesting movie and I didn't expect shell turned out to be a bad guy. Any other suggestions? . I've never seen Horrible Bosses . Is it good? Did you like it ?
Haha yeah, it's really funny. Enjoy! . Have a great day
Thanks
Hello
Hi there
what kind of movies do you like?
I love The Little Rascals , can you recommend some more kids movies?
The Lion King is a good one and has won many awards. . have you seen Shrek . I personally like Ponyo
I've seen both of those! . I loved them . Never seen Ponyo ... I'll have to check itou! . *out . Thank you . Bye
Hi, how are you? . I love animated films like The Secret Life of Pets and Moana . I also loved the The Incredibles and can't wait for the new Incredibles 2 coming soon. . What movies would you suggest for me? . Are you there?
yes . im sorry
No worries. . Have you seen any of the movies I mentioned?
yes i have. I love animated films as well.
Sorry a lot of questions, please take your time answering. :) . Any good animated films you'd suggest?
Did you watch finding nemo? . Monsters inc ?
Oh yes! Loved them both! Also loved Finding Dory . Thanks for the chat. You have a great day! . Bye.
Bye
Hi.  How are you? Can you please recommend a good movie with Brad Pitt? I really enjoyed watching Fight Club
Babel  was a good movie with Brad Pitt
I also absolutely loved Mr. & Mrs. Smith . This is a funny moovie . I watched Babel . Thanks for the suggestion. It was a bit boring. What else can you recommend?
Fury and Troy were good too
I've never seen Fury . Troy is a very good historical movie. I liked it
Inglourious Basterds is one of his best to me
Is Inglourious Basterds a comedy?
Yes, do you recommend any comedies? Those are my favorite
Thank you. I'll watch Inglourious Basterds . I can recommend The Mask . It's classic
What is your favorite movie of all time?
My favorite movie is Cruel Intentions . What about yours?
Maybe Taxi Driver. I like a lot of movies though
Did you watch Cruel Intentions ?
Taxi Driver
I liked Taxi Driver . But I can't say it's my favorite . Did you watch The Curious Case of Benjamin Button . It's a very deep and sad movie . I can see you are pretty busy. Thanks for your time and recommendations. Bye Bye
Hi how are you . What type of movies do you like ?!
Hi, I am good. I like comedies such as Superbad. Do you like comedies?
Yeah lovee it !!! . Have you seen Jumanji
Yes I have, i personally think original Jumanji is so much better.
I haven’t seen super bad though . Seriously ?! I haven’t seen the original !! Have you watched Vacation . Super duper hilarious lol
I haven't, but it seems like my type of movie. Is it similar to Wedding Crashers?
No . not similar :(
What is it about?
You like Adam Sandler?? . It’s a about a family going on vacation but the kids are bad lol
He has some good movies, not all though.
But it’s there adventure of the vacation . Yeah ! I really like Eight Crazy Nights
I think Eight Crazy Nights  was a finer one in the collection!
Haha I’m glad you agree :)
You have a great taste. Time for me to go, bye.
Nice talking to young !! Bye . You*
Hi how are you today? Any good comedies lately?
Hi, the last one I watched was a while ago it was The Big Sick . I wanted to see Tully  too though, but haven't been yet
The Big Sick I haven't seen. Did you like it?
Yeah, I liked The Big Sick a lot. It was really good! . Have you seen any good ones lately?
Tully  - haven't heard about it. What's the plot?
I'm not 100% sure what Tully  's plot is, just that it's about a mother and has Charlize Theoron
I will watch The Big Sick, not a fan of Charlize though so will pass on Tully  . I like anything like American Pie.
I've never seen American Pie . What's it about?
You should check it out, it's a classic comedy about america teenagers and their first adult experiences. Did you watch Groundhog Day
I haven't seen Groundhog Day but I know what it's about. I forgot that I did watch Happy Death Day which seems to be inspired by it.
Yeah, Groundhog Day inspired a lot of things in the last 25 years. When you get a chance you should give it a shot. One of the best comedy classics from early 90s. Did you like Happy Death Day?
Yeah, I liked Happy Death Day . I wouldn't call it movie of the year or anything, but it was really entertaining.
I will give it a try.
I'll check out Groundhog Day and American Pie sometimes
Thank you for your suggestions, bye.
Same, bye!
Hello . What is your favorite movie?
Hi. How are you? I feel like watching a good drama today. Do you have any suggestions? My favorite is The Shawshank Redemption
Great!
What is your favorite movie?
How about Good Will Hunting or Chasing Amy ? . Those are favorites of mine
I loved Chasing Amy . But I've never watched Good Will Hunting . Thank you. How about a movie that was released recently? Anything good?
I loved Lady Bird , my favorite of 2017
Is Lady Bird kids friendly?
I'd say 12 and older
Thank you. Any suggestion for a good movie for a 3 years old?
Despicable Me . Have fun watching! Thanks
Thank you.
Hello! . What is your favorite movie?
Hi. How are you? My favorite movie is A Walk to Remember . What is yours?
Awesome! Have you seen Good Will Hunting or She's All That ? . I'm great
I've seen both of them. I liked She's All That . But I can't say I enjoyed Good Will Hunting . . Do you like horror movies? . I like The Ring . Did you watch it?
Oh cool, you should see Saw
The Ring is really scary! . Thanks. I haven't seen Saw . I hope I'll enjoy it.
Have fun! bye
Hello! . What is your favorite movie?
Good morninf . how are you
I'm great
I dont have one what movie would you suggest
How about The Addams Family or The Princess Bride ? . Or something newer
Something new
Lady Bird and The Shape of Water were my favorite movies of 2017
What is The Shape of Water about
A woman finds a humanoid sea creature in 1960s America . You'll love it
Is this the one with the deaf woman
Yep
I been wanting to see it but never got around to it. . I will have to check it out
Check it out! Have a great day
thanks
Hello!
Hi, how are you? Have you ever seen The Revenant? It is an amazing film!
I have not, that's great! . What about something like Inception ?
I have! Are you looking for something similar? I think you might like Source Code!
Yes I have seen that, it was pretty good. . Can you think of anything else?
Well what genre do you tend to enjoy the most? You might also like Déjà Vu.
Oh yes, I loved that movie. Denzel rules. . I'll have to check out The Revenant for sure . Thank you . Both of them even... . Haha, have a great dayu . *day
Oh if you're a Denzel fan, definitely check out Fallen . Thank you you as well!
Hi there, how are you? I recently saw Get Out. Have you seen it?
Good morning . How was the movie . It was cool to me . Have you seen the new The Avengers
Really? I did not see it. I like 90s movies like Can't Hardly Wait. Have you seen that?
Or how about Deadpool 2 very good movie . No never heard of it
I honestly  am not big on superhero movies though I am a huge fan of The Dark Knight. :)
Thats one too
Anyway, hope you have a great day!
Hello!
Good day! I have been thinking about seeing Titanic again. Have you ever seen it?
Haha, yeah way back. It was good. . I love My Cousin Vinny , can you recommend a mob movie?
Would like to know a comedy or something more serious like the Godfather?
Serious please. I never saw The Godfather
Really? It
I never saw 1991's Godfather either, whatever that is, haha
It's very popular. Perhaps you'd like Goodfellas.
Yes, I loved it!
Oh haha. Not sure! I meant the earlier Godfather! Well I hope this helps and that you have a great day!
Thanks! bye
Good morning, Whats a good movie to watch? . How are you doing today
Hi, how are you? I love 80s movies and would highly recommend The Breakfast Club. Have you seen it?
I like the Life of the Party . nope . Not really into anything old
Oh I have never heard of it. Maybe you like something newer like Mean Girls. It's a really funny movie!
I saw that it was a okay movie . Rampage was cool . You should watch it great movie
We don't have the same tastes haha. I've never heard of it!
okay bye
Good morning, Whats a good movie to watch? . How is it going
Hi, actually I was going to ask you that! . I am looking for some comedies I've never seen before.
Okay I like Life of the Party . What have you seen that you like . Game Night is awesome too
No I have never heard of either! I like movies like Legally Blonde.
I seen that one it was cool
Or maybe like Mean Girls?
then you would like Clueless
Oh yeah I saw it and loved it! Thanks for the recommendations have a great day!
bye
Hi, how are you?
Hello!  I am looking for a cheesy horror movie, something along the lines of Killer Clowns from Outer Space .  Do you know of something? . I really enjoyed the campiness of that movie.
Hmm. Maybe you'd like It Came from Outer Space. Have you heard of it?
Yes, I have.  But, I'm looking for something that is intentionally being funny.  Another example would be Tucker & Dale vs. Evil . I know that is a difficult genre to fill if you don't watch it, but I like humor and horror together.
Maybe you'd like Shaun of the Dead or Dead Before Dawn? What do you think?
Oh, yes.  I've seen Shaun of the Dead but I don't believe I've seen Dead Before Dawn .  Those are good suggestions.
Well I hope you enjoy! :)
I loved the A Nightmare on Elm Street series because of the humor mixed in with the horror.  That is another good example of what I am thinking of.
Gotcha! Well check those two out and have a great day!
You, too.
Good morning . how are you . Whats the last movie you seen?
Hi, I haven't seen a new movie in a while but was thinking of revisiting a classic like Romeo & Juliet. Do you like romance films?
I wouldn't be interested in that but thanks . Whats your favorite movie . The Breaking In seem like a cool . have you seen it
I have never heard of it! I think my favorite film is The Revenant. I am a huge Leonardo DiCaprio fan! Have you seen it?
Life of the Party .. Dont keep up with the new movies thats coming out? . bye
Hi, I am looking for Jim Carrey movies. Can you recommend any good ones?
Ace Ventura: Pet Detective is a good one i remember from my childhood.
Same here! I loved it! What's your second favorite? . I also really enjoyed Liar Liar!
Liar Liar was my next pick
Oh wow okay cool! I see we have similar tastes! Did you like The Truman Show?
I did but it did really feel like a Jim Carrey role.
Hmm. I totally get out! I think the only movie of his I really didn . 't enjoy was The Number 23. Very weird!
Did you enjoy Yes Man ? . Yeah The Number 23 was a very weird one
OH WOW! I have not seen that one! Was it good?
He basically takes a vow to say Yes to everything no matter what for a year
Oh yes I did!! It was very unmemorable... obviously haha
I prefer his early films
Did you ever see Dumb and Dumber?
Yes i did. I cant believe they made a sequel Dumb and Dumber To
Me either! What did you think?
First 1 was better. 2 Had its moments.
I feel the same but I would have rather they left it at one!
How about Bruce Almighty? Did you see that one?
I did! It was okay. Also not one that stands out a lot for me! His earlier stuff was way more unique. . Really loved The Mask
I totally agree. . I love The Mask.
Well it was really nice chatting with you! I haven't had a chance to talk about Jim Carrey movies with someone who seems to be as big of a fan as I am! :)
I know. I was very nice meeting someone with great taste in movies!
Haha, oh wait! What did you think about The Cable Guy??
He was a sad dude in that Movie. I liked it but the stalker vibe kinda made it weird
Yes totally!!! . We are so on the same page!!
I know right.
K! Well I hope you enjoy the rest of your day!
You too!
Thanks!
hello . how are you doing . Whats the last movie you seen?
Fine how are you? The last movie I saw was Get Out and I hated it. What about you? What kind of movies do you like?
I am great . Why didnt you like it
It was very predictable and a little cheesy. Did not like the whole hypnosis aspect. Reminded me a lot of Disturbing Behavior. Have you seen that one?
The last movie was Rampage and Deadpool 2 ool have you seen either one? . No I never heard of that one
No I have not! I have heard great things about Deadpool 2 though. Have to check it out!
Yes good one . nice talking to you . have a great day . bye
Same here! You too thanks!
Greetings . How are you doing
Hello!  I'm good, I  hope you are well!  I would like to see a comedy.  Something irreverent, perhaps. . Something similar to Hangover maybe.  Definitely something more adult oriented.
That was a good movie . Have you seen any new movies lately
Yes.  I laughed so hard!
Deadpool 2
Oh, no, I haven't watched any out at the movie theater recently.
The Avengers
I haven't seen Deadpool 2.  That is a great suggestion.
okay
Is I haven't seen Deadpool 2 , I mean. . I also haven't seen The Avengers .  Is it really funny? . Another movie that i thought was hilarious was This Is the End .  I like movies that are crazy in a stupid way.
Deadpool 2 have its moments of funny and comedy . The Avengers was action . I haven't seen that one
Great!  I think we might go see that this weekend.  Thank you for the suggestion.
okay have a great one . bye
You have a great holiday weekend!  Goodbye!
you too
Good morning!  How are you?
Hi, how are you? I'm fine thanks! I am a huge Leonardo Dicaprio fan! Can you recommend any movies?
I'm doing great!  I love Leonardo also. . How about The Revenant ?  Did you see that?  It won awards.
YES!! It is my favorite movie actually! I also really enjoyed The Basketball Diaries. Have you seen that?
Also, an oldie but goodie would be What's Eating Gilbert Grape .  I think that movie was severely underrated.  Dicaprio was amazing in that role. . I have seen The Basketball Diaries .  It was good. . Oh, my ALL TIME FAVORITE Dicaprio movie has to be Catch Me If You Can .
Oh yeah, those really good as well! I also really loved Shutter Island.
I know most people would say Titanic , but I like Catch Me If You Can even better. . Awesome movies. . Do you think you have something to see out of that list?
Titanic was AMAZING! . Yes, thanks so much for the recommendations! :) Have a great day!
It was.  We saw it three times at the theater. . You have a great day.  Goodbye!
Hello . How are you doing
Hi, how are you? Fine thanks! . What kind of movies do you like?
Whats a good movie to watch . I like action and comedy what about you?
Have you ever seen The Fast and the Furious?
I like Deadpool  and Deadpool 2 . I have seen them all . I love those movies . I want to see the new Ant-Man and the Wasp
Oh wow!! Awesome! I have seen them all except for the most recent one The Fate of the Furious. Have you seen it?
I saw Ant-Man . Yes its a most see . must*
I have not! I have to check it out! Really? I will also make time to see it! :) . Which was your favorite?
It's hard to pick just one . It was good talking to you have a great holiday . bye
You too! Thanks!
hai
Hi, how are you? . I am looking for a good Reese Witherspoon movie. Do you know any?
i am fine and you? . no i have know any movie
Okay, well what is your favorite movie? I really love The Man in the Moon. . ?
i love The Avengers infinity war (2018) . what about you?
Have you seen Captain America: Civil War? . I have not seen either movie. I am not big into action except for Arnold Schwarzenegger movies haha
yes i have seen it.it is really amazing movie
Have you ever seen Total Recall?
total recall is my favorite movie
No way!!
which movie do you watch in 2018?
I haven't been watching too many more recently actually. I was a lot of standup comedy. . Have you seen True Lies?
ok . no i have not seen it
It's amazing! Anyway, hope you have a great day!
Hi! How are you
Hello . I am fine and you
What type of movies do you like
Breaking In  was a good movie . What about you . Pulp Fiction was a old but good classic
I really like Jumanji  and The Commuter . Yess love pulp fiction !!!
How was The Commuter
Amazing !!! I definately recommend it
Jumanji was cool like the old Jumanji better . okay I will have to watch it
Yess!!! Well . Nice talking to you
bye
Bye :)
Hello . How are you today . Whats the last movie you seen?
Hi, how are you today? I'm fine thanks!
Im great . thanks
The last movie I saw was Reds. . What about you?
I seen Rampage . What is that about . Have you seen it . I saw Deadpool 2 that was good did you see that one
No I haven't heard of it. . Who is your favorite actor?
Dont have one . What about you . I want to see the new Ant-Man and the Wasp
Oh have you seen Thor ?
nope . Nice talking to you . bye
Hello! . What's your favorite movie right now?
My favorite recent movie is Black Panther?
Oh cool . You should check out Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and Blade . Or The Pink Panther and She-Man
Oh really? I have heard great things about Blade? . Do you highly recommend it?
Absolutely. It was a pioneer in superhero movies. . Have a great day!
Hello!
Hi! How are you?
I love The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King , what can you recommend? . I'm great
Oh nice I haven't seen it. Maybe you'd like The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe. Have you seen it?
I have! I loved it . Can you think of anything else? I also loved The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug
Hmm. Do you highly recommend all of the Lord of the Rings movies? I have not seen them! Maybe you'd like The Golden Compass?
I haven't seen that! Thank you so much . Have a great day
Hello! . What kind of movie is your favorite?
Hi, I love Denzel Washington. Can you recommend any good movies with him in it?
Oh yes, my favorite . I just saw Déjà Vu and Man on Fire . If you want more, I can also say Remember the Titans and John Q. . They're all famous and classic
Oh really? I haven't seen either. Have you seen Training Day?
Yep, it's awesome!
I really enjoyed John Q.. . I haven't seen Remember the Titans but thanks for the recommendation- will definitely check it out!
Have a great day
Hello! . What's your favorite movie?
My favorite movie is The Notebook. Have you seen that movie?
I haven't, I have seen The Notebook though . How about The Jacket or Hellboy ?
No. I haven't seen them. Are those the kind of movies you like?
Yeah! How about A Walk to Remember ?
Oh my goodness! I LOVED THAT MOVIE!
Yay! . Have a great day
Hello! . I love The Matrix , what can you recommend?
I love The Matrix as well!! Have you seen 12 Monkeys or The Fifth Element?
I've seen and love both of those! Thanks . Can you think of anything else?
I've heard great things about John Wick. What do you think?
Oh, I never saw that . I should check it out . Thank you so much! . Have a great afternoon
You too!
Hello! . What is your favorite movie?
Hi, how are you? I am a huge Ryan Gosling fan! Can you recommend any movies with him in them?
Oh yes, The Place Beyond the Pines is my favorite with him. La La Land is also great. . I also really liked Drive
I really enjoyed The Place Beyond the Pines.
Remember the Titans is also a classic
Did not like La La Land or Drive. Have you seen Blade Runner 2049?
Yes, it was great!
Thank you!
Have a great day!
Hi, how are you today?
Fine and yourself?
I'm good. What kind of movies do you like best?
This weekend reminds me of the movie Memorial Day. Have you seen it?
No, but it would be the right weekend to see it. Maybe it's on TV.
Hmm. Maybe. Do you like comedies? A classic comedy is Groundhog Day.
I love Groundhog Day! I watch it every year. . Do you like National Lampoon's Vacation? Another classic comedy.
Oh cool. Have you ever seen Lost in Translation? It's a more serious Bill Murray movie? . I have and it is hilarious, thank you! Enjoy your weekend!! :)
It's been awhile since I've seen it, but I agree it's a good film.
hello how are you
Fine and you? . I am looking for a movie starring Sandra Bullock. Do you know of any good ones?
I'm not too familiar with her movies, but I'm looking forward to seeing Ocean's 8 when it comes out . what other kinds of movies are you into
I have not seen any of the previous movies like Ocean's Eleven Ocean's Twelve Ocean's Thirteen. Though I would really like to! . I loved Miss Congeniality! You should check it out! Very funny! . Hope you have an awesome day!
I will indeed check it iout and the Ocean's series is pretty good . i hope yopu have a great day as well
hello how are you
Hi, fine, thanks. And yourself?
im great what kinds fo movies are you into\
I am a huge fan of sci-fi? Got any good recommendations?
Avatar Alien vs. Predator Avengers: Infinity War and The Matrix were all great movies
Oh cool! I love the The Matrix! Have not seen any of the others! Have you ever seen Total Recall?
i did not but i did hear it was good . I did enjoy the The Maze Runner series you should check it out
Oh wow. I have heard great things- thank you!!
have a great day
Hello . What's your favorite movie?
Hi, my favorite movie is The Matrix. What about yours?
So good . You should check out Contagion and Event Horizon
Are those scary or more action?
Both sci-fi
I do enjoy scary movies. 28 Days Later is one of my favorite movies!
Oh cool . You'd love A Tale of Two Sisters if you can deal with subtitles. One of the best ever.
I do enjoy scary movies though! One of my favorite is 28 Days Later! . Haven't seen it but will definitely check it out! Thanks so much!!
Sure, have a great day
Hello . What's your favorite movie right now?
My favorite movie right now is Life of the Party. You?
I loved Blockers , have you seen that? . Game Night was also excellent
I haven't heard of either but I will definitely check them out! Are they comedies?
Yep, both are . Also, Let's Go to Prison is goofy . Enjoy!
Oh awesome! Will definitely check out! Thank you!!
Have a great day, bye
hello how are you
Fine! How are you? . I love Rachel McAdams! Can you recommend any good movies with her in them?
im great what kinds of movies do you enjoy . Im only familiar with her work in The Notebook and Mean Girls i enjoyed both
I like comedies and romance movies! . I saw and loved both!
you should definitely check out Girls Trip and Harlem Nights
Haven't seen either but will definitely do since you seem to have great taste! Thanks so much!! . Have a good one!
have a great day
hello how are you
I'm good and yourself?
im great what kinds of movies do you enjoy
I love a good Adam Sandler movie. Got any recommendations?
Grown Ups, Click, Happy Gilmore and Big Daddy were all great movies
Oh wow! I did not like Grown Ups, have not seen Happy Gilmore and frickin loved Big Daddy. One of my favorite movies is actually The Waterboy. Have you seen it? . Also, did not like Click
I loved The Waterboy super funny
Yeah, I miss those days when he was still making good movies! I will definitely finally see Happy Gilmore. Thank you!
hello how are you . what kinds of movies do you like to watch
I am fine thank you. How about you?
im great
Excellent! Do you know of any good movies directed by Steven Spielberg?
Ready Player One looks great Jaws Jurassic Park and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial are classics
I have seen Jaws and Jurassic Park and loved them! Will give the other two a try! Thanks a lot! . Take care!
have a great day . enjoy the movies
hello how are you . what kinds of movies do you enjoy
I really enjoy scary movies but haven't seen a good one in a while. Know of any?
last good scary movie i saw was Jigsaw, I really enjoyed Jeepers Creepers, Saw Scream as well
I loved Saw is Jigsaw related? I loved the other two as well! . I Know What You Did Last Summer was also really good! :)
Yea Jigsaw is a spin off . I loved that movie
Oh great! Thanks for the suggestion! . Have a nice day!
have a great day
hello how are you . what kinds of movies dop you enjoy
Hey! . I love Planet of the Apes . What do you recommend?
I loved Planet of the Apes Id recommend Rise of the Planet of the Apes War for the Planet of the Apes and Dawn of the Planet of the Apes i enjoyed all of the spinoffs
Oh cool, those looked great but I never got around to them. Thanks a lot! . Can you recommend anything non-ape related?
Avengers: Infinity War was amazing, most recent movie iive seen and tons of action from start to end
I loved it, thanks again! . have a great day
have a great one
hello how are you
Hi!
what kinds of movies do you enjoy
I love Where the Red Fern Grows , what kind of musicals can you recommend?
I'm not too familiar with musicals, my experience only goes as far as High School Musical  High School Musical 2 and High School Musical 3: Senior Year
Oh I loved both of those. What about a thriller?
Dream House was a really good thriller
Awesome, I haven't seen that . Thanks, have a great day
have a great one
hello how are you
hi . I'm great
what kinds of movies do you enjoy
Can you think of anything like The Evil Dead ?
Alien The Thing and The Terminator are all classics
Excellent taste. I love all of those movies, what about a drama?
cant go wrong with Godfather
Funny, I've never seen that one . I'll check it out . Have a great day!
youll enjoy it . have a great one
Hello!  How are you?
I am fine and yourself?
I'm doing great, thanks!
I would really like to find a comedy from the 90s! Can you recommend anything?
If you like silly movies, there is Dumb and Dumber
I love that movie! . What about a romantic comedy?
Of course, if you want something edgy, I really liked Clerks
I saw Clerks but did not like it. Not a fan of stoner flicks!
I always loved Sleepless in Seattle .  I remember seeing that when it came out. . Oh, another great comedy is Pretty Woman, but it's not purely comedy, I suppose.
Hmm. I liked Meg Ryan in City of Angels  and I do like Tom Hanks so will definitely give that a try! Thank you very much!! . I also saw that! Great movie! Have a good one!
hello how are you
Hello! . I love I Saw the Devil , what can you recommend? . I'm great
i'm not familiar with that movie, but i think you'd enjoy Gone Girl, Shutter Island and The Sixth Sense
I love all of those great movies. . Can you think of a comedy you've seen recently?
Girls Trip was hilarious
Oh nice! I've not seen that . I'll see if I can rent it at Blockbuster . Have a great day!
worth a look . have a great day
hello how are you
Hello there . I'm great
what kinds of movies do you enjoy
I love Lost , can you think of more sci-fi?
The Matrix, Alien vs. Predator and Avengers: Infinity War were all great
Alien vs. Predator looked awful so I never saw it . I'll have to look into it . The others were amazing
it wasnt bad at al, decent action
I'm sold! . Great work . Goodbye for now
have a great day
hello how are you
I'm great! . Thanks
what  kinds fo movies are you into
What do you know about movies like The Human Centipede ?
The Human Centipede 2 and The Human Centipede 3 were just as good as the first and The Strange Thing About the Johnsons is equally as disturbing
Yeah, I watched them all. Just got crazier and crazier. . Can you think of anything else?
no, im not into movies like that
Anything else then
Avengers: Infinity War was great last movie i saw, plan to see Deadpool 2 next
I can't wait to see Deadpool 2 . Thanks so much
have a great day
hello how are you
I'm so great . What can you recommend that's like Eraserhead ? . I love Lynch
Blade Runner 2049 Watchmen Ghost in the Shell were all great
Oh cool. I really need to get around to Watchmen . . I never gave it a chance
it was actually really good unerrated movie
Thanks so much, I've seen those others
did you like them
Oh yeah . Later!
have a great day
Hi there
how are you doing
What have you seen lately? . I'm great
what kinds of movies do you enjoy
I'd like to recommend you some
I saw Avengers: Infinity War it was aamzing . Im into horror and action movies
Excellent, have you seen Blade or Watchmen ? I haven't seen Watchmen but someone told me it was awesome . Ant-Man was wonderful as well
I saw bother Blade and Watchmen loved both, not a fan of Ant-Man . thanks for the suggestions have a great day
Hello!  How are you?
Hi, how are you? Can you recommend any horror cult classics?
Sure, I love horror films.  I think one that is often overlooked is Phantasm .  Some of the dialogue is stiff, but it has a unique concept and great scares.
Oh that sounds really good! I like good scares! Anything else?
If you like something that is creepy, there is The Omen .  I think the original one is the best!
Oh I saw that! You have good taste!
If you are in the mood for something that is more playful, there's always Creepshow .  It's a collection of stories so I'm sure there would be something in there you would enjoy.
No I don't like playful. Looking for something intense!
Thank you!  It sounds like you have good taste, too.  Finally, I would suggest The Exorcist .  Always my go-to when I want to be truly frightened.  I remember seeing the re-release several years back, being the only person in the movie theater because it was in the middle of the week when I was off, and jumping out of my skin several times because it was so freaky.
I really liked that movie though I watched it in the dark when I was young and made it through haha . Thanks a lot!!
Hi!
Hi there!
How are you . What type of movie are you into??
I'm fine thanks! Can you recommend any good Tom Hanks movies? . I don't mind romance.
I can’t really recall but donyou like comedy action?! . Pretty Woman is a good romance . I really like Inception
I am looking for Tom Hanks specifically
I don’t know any ! Sorry . What are your favorite movies
Can you provide any other romance suggestions then?
The Notebook . 13 Going on 30 . Think Like a Man . Well nice chatting with you ! Bye
Okay. Terrible suggestions. bye
Hello there . What is your favorite movie?
my favorite movie is Training Day i love thrillers with action . the most recent movie i've seen was Avengers: Infinity War it was amazing
Check out Heat and Saving Private Ryan . You won't regret it
I loved Saving Private Ryan but ill have to check out Heat
Yeah definitely, love Val Kilmer . Enjoy! Thank you
thanks for the suggestions have a great day
Hey!
hello how are you
Tell me what you like!
I enjoy action movies like Avengers: Infinity War and The Matrix . what do you reccomend
How about Sling Blade or Fargo . Maybe try something new from action
I'm not familiar with either movie ill have to definitely check them out
Yeah, it's good to expand your horizons . Explore away! . Good bye
i agree, thanks for the suggestions ahve a great day
Hey
Hi what type of movies do you like . I like comedy and action
I'd like something like Léon: The Professional . Action and drama
Have you seen Inception
Yes I loved it
Me too!! Have you seen James Bond . He has great movies
Not that one. That sounds great. Can you think of one more?
The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift if you like cars racing . Recent one i seen was The Commuter
I haven't seen that. I will check it out. . I did see that. . Thanks! . Have a great day
Yes you should :) . You too bye
Hi . What type of movies are you into ?!
Hello. I like westerns like Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. Know any others?
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly . Is super good
Oh that is a good one! Know any more? . I also really like Stagecoach
Have you seen High Noon
YES! LOVED IT! . Thanks a lot! Take care!
Hi ! . How are you today
Hey there . I'm great
I like action
What should I see? I love The Untouchables
Know any good ones
What movie is good to see for fans of The Matrix
Inception is pretty good . Or The Code
I loved that one . I never saw The Code , thank you! . Can you think of anything else?
Yes it’s good , Gamer . Ian pretty good
Oh haha, that movie was great . Thank you so much
Is*
Goodbye
Bye
Hello there
Hello!  What kind of movies are you int?
I love Taken , what can you recommend?
I love Taken also.  If you like Liam Neeson, how about The Commuter ?  We saw that recently and enjoyed it.
Yeah, that was kind of funny. Can you think of anything else?
Did you see The Grey ?  Another Neeson film and my husband says it was good.  I didn't see it, but I trust his judgement.
Nope, I never saw that one. Thank you! . How about another?
Well, it's not exactly like Taken , but if you are into suspense, Room was good.
I loved it! . Thanks so much . Have a great day
You could also see The Godfather  if you like action films.
Hi, how are you?
Hello! HOpe your day is going well. . I'm doing great,thanks! You?
Same to you! . Fine thanks! Was actually wondering what some of your favorite movies were
oh my.. let's see.. . ONe of my favorites is Pi .. it is about a mathematician who loses his mind. Same director as Black Swan and Requiem for a Dream . It is pretty bizarre
Oh those are all really good films! Two of them were directed by Darren Aronofsky no?
That;s the guy! . All three of them
I really liked The Fountain by him as well!
He also did The Wrestler
Oh nice I didn't know about Black Swan! I also saw that and loved it! . Good taste! :)
I have not seen The Fountain yet, but I have been meaning to, He is one of my favorite directors. . Haha! Thanks! Back at ya!
Have a good one! :)
Hello! How's it going?
Oh going well thanks! And yourself?
Quite well, thanks.
Can you tell me any black and white romance classics I can watch this weekend?
Hmm....
I recently saw You Can't Take It with You and LOVED IT!
I don'tknow many romance movies, but I do know a lot of goo blck and white films. . i have heard of that one, but not seen it. I am more into film noir. Have you seen The Third Man ?
No I haven't! What kind of movie is it? . Is it like suspence?
It's a mystery thriller.. a man gets framed for murde rin post WWII Vienna.
suspense*
yes! . Suspenesful indeed!
Oooh that sounds really good!! Thank you!
If you like blakc and white suspenes I would also reccomend Key Largo ... classic Bogart!
Know any others? I really liked Dial M for Murder . Very cool! Will definitely check it out! You're awesome!!
Ah yes! Great early Hitchcock film! . My favorite Hitchcock is The Man Who Knew Too Much with Jimmy Stewart . Thanks! So are you!
Cool- all great recommendations! Will look them up for sure! Have a great day!!
You too!
Hello there my friend . What is your favorite movie?
Hello how are you doing
I'm great
I don't have one at the moment but I do like action and comedy . What about you
Well how about seeing The Postman and Waterworld ?
I do like Game Night it was very funny
Great movie
I never saw them can you tell me what it's about
Kevin Costner wanders around for a while . Check out Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby
I saw that one but thanks
No problem . Have a good one
Greetings . How are you today
i'm so great . I love Nocturnal Animals , what else should I see?
I never heard of that one. . What kind of movies do you like
Something thriller
Okay how about Seven its a older movies but its pretty good
Yes I love that one . Can you think of a couple more? Another genre is fine
I had to add this one but its pretty decent too The Silence of the Lambs
I've seen that too. It's a classic.
Yes it is a more recent one is Gone Girl
Oh cool, I've have to look into that . Have a great day, thank you!
I hope you like . you too
Hello how are you . What kind of movies do you like
Hello . I'm great, and I love Little Nicky . What can you recommend?
I just recently watch Superbad it was funny if you like comedy that would be a great pick
Haha yeah that's a classic. Can you think of something else?
Have a newer movie everyone talking about Deadpool 2 . How about* sorry
I can't wait to see Deadpool 2 , how about one I can rent?
I will have to think way back let me see here . How about The 40-Year-Old Virgin super corny but funny
Oh yes, I love Steve more than you know. . Thank you! Have a great day.
you too
Hello how are you today
I'm so good
What kind of movies do you like
Can you find something like Pi ?
Im sorry can you help because I never heard of that one. . Is that like scary or what
Something like a mystery please
One of my favorite was Gone Girl have you seen that one . I kept hearing about Oldboy its kind of weird though lol
haha Oldboy is one of my favorites! I love a ton of Korean movies . I haven't seen Gone Girl but I'll check it out, thanks . How about one more recommendation?
A older classic is The The Sixth Sense
Oh yes, love it . Have a great day
Hello how is it going
Hey I'm great
The Avengers is a awesome movie you should watch it
I love The Silence of the Hams , what can you recommend?
Or even Game Night ht its super funny
Oh cool, I've seen those both . Anything else?
Do you like gangster movies if so I wll recommend Pulp Fiction
Oh thank you . I have heard that is great . Have a great day!
thanks you too
Hello . What is your favorite movie?
Hello how is it going
I'm great
I am looking for a kids movie for my son what do you suggest?
How about The Incredibles , Despicable Me 2 , or Isle Of Dogs . Those are all splendid
I agree those are some awesome movies
Have you seen Mulan ?
I have heard of it but I don't think he seen that one.
Well great, happy watching! . Have a great night
thanks you to
Hello! . What is your favorite right now?
Hello, I like action or romance. what would you suggest?
Rambo III or Rambo are top notch . I also love Rocky V and Twins , have you seen those?
I haven't seen any of them . I have a long list ahead of me
Oh jeez, well what about Love Actually ?
I saw that one but I want things I haven't seen
Perfect, you have a great list! . Have a great night
great . bye
Hi . What kind of movies do you like?
Hiya. I like rom-com movies. Can you recommend any?
Have you seen The Proposal or maybe Knocked Up ? . I like these movies
I haven't seen The Proposal but saw Knocked Up and didn't like that. . I liked Little Black Book. Know anything like that?
no,I have not seen it . I recently saw How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days
Oh I didn't like that either! haha . All good.. I'll just google! :)
Ok, sorry
Hello
Hi there! I really like Pirates of the Caribbean . Have you seen that?
Yes! . I love that movie!
Know anything else like it?
So You like adventure movies?
I really like the The Goonies. Not similar but I just thought of the pirate ship haha
Have you seen Cast Away ?
No but I love Tom Hanks' movies. I definitely need to finally watch it!
It is very good . What About In the Heart of the Sea ?
Never heard of it! Will definitely check it out though, thanks a lot!
Hi. How can I help you today?
Hi, I LOVE action films! Can you recommend any from the 90s?
Sure. How about Die Hard 2 ? . There is also second part Die Hard 2 . Sorry first part Die Hard
Oh cool. I haven't seen them! Great suggestions! Anything with Silvestor Stalone?
I love both. Bruce Willis is an amazing actor
He was great in The Sixth Sense
How about Rocky ? . Or Daylight ? . Honestly I am not a big fan of The Sixth Sense . The Good Life speaks for itself. It's a good moovie . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Hmm. Not interested in Rocky but the other two sound really good! Thanks a lot!!
Thanks. I hope you'll enjoy
Thanks!
Hi . what king of movies you want to watch tonight?
I would love to see anything with Julia Roberts in it! She's great!
I love her too. . What about Pretty Woman . it is classic I know
I've seen it and love it which is why I am looking for another film with her in it
Erin Brockovich is a good movie
Oh great! Is it sad?
an Mona Lisa Smile too . Yes! . a little
Awesome suggestions! I'll buy tissues haha . Got one more?
Yes, Stepmom . I Have seen it, and it also kind of sad
Okay, great- have a good day! Thanks for the help!
You too . bye
Hello! . Do you like comedies?
I do! I really enjoy stoner comedies!
Me too!
Know any good ones?
have you heard of Pineapple Express
OMG YES! That is my favorite!!
Or Harold & Kumar
I was hoping to find something else like it!
These two are my favourite also! . Ok This Is the End is something like Pineapple Express
Very nice! I'm excited to check it out!
or maybe Up in Smoke . Its an old classic . Ok thats it . See ya!
Have you seen any of the Cheech & Chong's The Corsican Brothers movies?
I havent seen it, but i heard of it . is it good?
No I was wondering if you liked it! haha thanks a lot for the help!
no problem anytime!
Hello!
Good evening! Do you know any movies starring Danny Devito?
Do you like romantic-horror movies?
Sure.
i know one
I haven't seen any more recently.
Throw Momma from the Train is very good . starring Danny! . Or Matilda his best preformance . He is a very good actor for me, kinda funny looking but in a good way!
I loved Matilda but I haven't seen Throw Momma. Have you seen Twins?
Ah yes i have, a great one . thats the one with arnold right?
Yes it is . I don't remember any other of his films. Know another one . ?
Check out Even Money its great . its also starring Danny
Okay, sweet. Thank you.
Hi . Do you like mystery Movies?
I do!! I love them! Know any good choices?
Yes, My favoutite is The Prestige . *favourite
Oh cool. I haven't seen it. Know any others? . I like Sunset Boulevard
The Hateful Eight . and The Game is good too
I had no idea that was a mystery! Thanks for the suggestions!
any time . bye
Howdy. . What is your favorite movie?
Hi, have you ever seen  Sabrina
No. Haven't even heard of it. . Who is in it?
Julia Ormond, Harrison Ford . How about Titanic
Hmm I like Harrison Ford. He was great in Indiana Jones  . I love Titanic actually!
Yes he was..Sabrina was a quite different movie
Leonardo Dicaprio was also great in Inception . Have a good day!
Hi . I like crime movies
Nice me too! . Have you seen Carlito's Way
No, but I will, thanks . Do you know any movie like Pulp Fiction ?
My favourite is No Country for Old Men
I have seen it, it is good
Yes Sin City a tarantino movies
Oh, thank you, tell otherone for tomorrow
Yes Four Rooms its a tarantino movie also great!
bye, thanks
Bye
Hi there
Hello! . Do you like movie classics
What do you think is the best movie genre there is? . I do actually. Especially if they're in black and white.
For me best ones are Dramas or Thrillers . Have you seen Citizen Kane or Psycho . Very nice old movies . Also Casablanca or The Wizard of Oz . For me that are a must watch! . Whats the best genre for you?
I have seen all but Casablanca! Very good choices. Thank you!
Hi
Hello . I'd love to know any Asian foreign films you can suggest
I don't know much, But I have seen Secret it is good . and I heard about Your Name
Oh haven't seen those but they sound interesting. I really like The Secret in Their Eyes Have you seen that one?
Oh yes, it is good, but too scary for me . I realy like Oldboy . But american version
Oldboy is fantastic!
this is Japanese
I have not heard of the American version. Japanese was great!
Hello friend
Hello
Do you have favourite kind of movie?
What are the best movies with Oprah in them?
hm, I have not seen any, but I heard of A Wrinkle in Time  . and also Selma
Oh wow okay. I saw Beloved  and loved it!
I will watch it soon
It's not an Oprah movie but have you seen Their Eyes Were Watching God ?
No, Is it good?
No idea! Wanted to know if you've seen it haha . well have a good day!
Hello!
Hi there
What is your fav. movie?
I am home all weekend and am looking for some movie recommendations. I'm not picky.
Oh great . How about Oldboy . Or the USA version Oldboy . For me one of the best movies out there!
Oh I've seen the first one but will check out the second. Thanks for letting me know! . Have you ever seen Battle Royale?
Maybe a comedy . Oh i have . recently . its good . its like The Hunger Games . I mean its the first movie of that type
It is. I have not seen that yet but I bet it's not as intense!
i like it
Cool. Will check it out then!
Nice . Bye!
Hi, how are you?
Hi, I am fine, and you?
Fine thanks. What are your top favorite three movies?
that would be Life of Pi  . The Shawshank Redemption . and of course The Pianist
Haven't seen the first, the second was great, and so was the third! Good choices!
thank you . what about you?
My favorite is Sex and Lucia :)
I herd of it . *heard
It's good. Anyway have a good day!
Hi hi . I love 80s films? Can you tell me any good ones?
hello . I like them too . My favourite is Rain Man . but Back to the Future is good too
I haven't seen either. I have to sit down to finally watch. Good choices! Do you like The Breakfast Club?
I have not seen it, But I heard of it . HAve you watched The Shining ?
Oh okay. What about Pretty in Pink? . Yes I have. Great movie! . Have a good one!
Hey there . I love horror films. Have you seen any you can recommend?
Hello . I love them too! . Have you seen Ring Or Sinister . Great movies for me!
I saw the Ring but not Sinister. . I liked Hostel What do you think?
If you liked Ring then you probably like The Cabin in the Woods . I havent seen it, but i know its an Indian movie
I will definitely check it out. Thanks so much!
No problem . bye!
Hello
Hello there! . Do you have a favourite movie/
Seen any good movies with Selma Hayek? . salma*
Yes i have . Have you heard of Frida
Yes. Fantastic movie! Know of any others?
Or Desperado  Both great! . Maybe Ask the Dust Or Dogma . not as great as Desperado or Frida but good
Sweet I haven't seen that one. I really like How to Be a Latin Lover . Have you seen that?
Yes i have nice comedy . she is the sister right?
I loved Dogma but haven't seen Ask the Dusk. Definitely will now though! Thanks a bunch! . Yes she is! . Have a good day!
you too!
thanks!
no problem bye!
Hi there
Howdy ho neighbor!
Do you like crime movies? . Somthing like The Godfather ?
Not so much. I'm more into animation
Oh, Have you watched Princess Mononoke ? . It is great movie
No haven't heard of it. If it's animation I would love it!
Yes it is . do you like Disney movies? . I recently saw Coco . It is so beautiful movie
I do! I haven't seen that. Have you seen Frozen? . I still can't believe I haven't seen it.
Yes, i love it . my favourite is The Lion King
Oh mine is The Little Mermaid :) . Well take care and thanks for your time!
you too
Hello! . Do you like classic movies?
Not so much. I like action movies from the 90s. Seen anything good like that?
Yes great decade for actions!
Oh course! :) . I really liked True Lies and Speed . What do you think?
Have you seen Die Hard 2
No I have not. I will now!
Yes i have . its the one with the matrix guy . i dont know the actors name! . :D . But i havent seen True Lies
Yeah The Matrix was another good one! . it's great! Well enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi, how are you today?
Fine, I looking for movie to watch
What kinds of movies do you like?
Mystery, know any?
Do you prefer older movies or new ones?
My number one is The Prestige . It is not that old.
I hear Red Sparrow is pretty good.
I have seen it . it is not that bad
Did you like it?
Have you seen Seven ?
I remember the title, but I don't recall if I saw the film. . Have you seen Super Troopers 2?
no, but thank you for sugestion . bye
Bye!
Hello
Helo there . Do you like Comedies?
I am looking to watch anything with the Wayans Brothers. Know any good ones?
Shaun of the Dead and Ghostbusters are both great . oh i know a fev
Okay, but anything with the Wayans brothers? Like Scary Movie or White Chicks?
Have you seen White Chicks or Dance Flick
Not Dance Flick but will now. Thanks. Take care
Dance Flick  is great!
Hi! How's it going?
Good and yourself?
Good. What kind of movies are you in the mood for today? . Do you like action films like Deadpool 2?
Sure. Know any others?
I know it's brand new, but I can't wait to see Solo: A Star Wars Story.
Oh I really liked Star Wars What's the next one you think I should see?
I saw them in the order they came out, so I'd say The Empire Strikes Back.
Sweet! Will definitely do that! Thank you very much! Hope you have a great weekend!
You too!
Hello . Whats your fav. Movie?
My favorite movie is Psycho . I also liked American Psycho
Oh so you like classics
Have you seen American Psycho 2
i have a few to recommend
It was terrible!! . Awesome- can't wait to hear!
I have seen it i dont like it either . Have you seen Escape from Alcatraz or Casablanca ? . One of the best movies ever?
I haven't seen either. I will now, thanks very much. Enjoy the holiday!
Hi! How are you . I like action and comedy any recommendations
Hi, i am looking for good romantic movie . I don't like action and comedy
A good romantic is. Classic Pretty Woman . Also August Rush
I love Malèna . I have not seen those movies
Have you seen 50 First Dates ?!
But i will
It’s really good !
Oh, yes! . i love tath movie
Notebook is one of my fave omg and 13 Going on 30
I have seen Notebook , but other one haven;t
Yeah did you like it ??
yes!  Thank you for sugestions
Anytime nice talking bye :)
bye\
Hi
Hello beautiful!
Do you know any good action movies?
Yes im a man of action!
oh!
do you like Deadpool or maybe Die Hard
I have seen those movies, and I like them   Tell me Handsome, some movie like Lethal Weapon . It is my number one
Have you seen the sequel Lethal Weapon 2 or Lethal Weapon 3
No but I will, thanks
Mel Gibson is awesome
kisses
Bye :*
bye
Hi! . How are you
Hi. How are you? Can I recommend you something? . I am good thanks, how about you?
Yess please go for it!! . I’m good thanks for asking
What kind of movies do you like? . Maybe a good comedy?
I like anything that’s good to Ben honest I love comedy and action
Did you watch The Mask ? It's classic and really funny
Omg yesss I love that movie !!
I would also recommend you Mr. & Mrs. Smith
Great movie as well ! You have awesome taste :)!
Thank you. I am happy that you like it ) . How about Friends ? This is absolutely my favorite. I watched it 100 times
Yesss I watched it. Million time soon I actually might watch it today
How about Home Alone ? I watch it every year
Have you seen The Break-Up ?
You can try Borat . I personally didn't like it, but most people do
BorAt was ehh ok I couldn’t really not get into it
Yes I watched The Break-Up . I liked it. Great acting
Yes it was ! Awesome talking to you ! Bye !! Thank you
The Pink Panther is awesome . Thanks. Bye
Hello
Hello! . do you know some good sexy movies?
Have you seen Fifty Shades Darker ? . Or maybe Sex and Zen ?
oh no, but i dont like Fifty Shades of Grey
I do not like it eather
so i dont like the sequel also :D
Oh, okey
Sex and Zen  is good but i have seen it
What about An Affair ? . It is good movie
oh no i havent seen that one! . i will watch it for sure! thanks! . bye!
bye
Hello
Hello! . do you know Any good crime movies . i really like crime movies
Yes, I love Seven . and Godfather  also
something like Hannibal Rising
have you seen them?
oh i have i like them
I have not seen it, but i like msugestion . *sugestion
The Godfather is a classic!
yes, it is . Have you seen The Hateful Eight . I love that movie
Thanks i will check it out! . THanks!
Hello my friend!
Hi. Happy to see you. How are you?
do you have some horror movies to recommend please! . do you have some horror movies to recommend please! . I am fine thanks!
Of course. How about The Silence of the Lambs ? Or The Ring
I love classics . yes i love them, but i have seen them! . I liked The Cabin in the Woods
Let me think ..
take your time i need a good one :D
Personally I am not a big fan of horror moovies. I can't sleep at night when I watch them
My girlfriend too!
How about Omen ? Really scary one
cant watch horrors with her :D . Omg that was fast! . thank you !
You can also try The Exorcist . . It was my pleasure to help you
Thanks nice! . you are a great movie knower
Thank you :)
bye!
Bye Bye
Hello How are you this evening . I would recommend Life of the Party
Hi. I am good. Thanks for asking.  How are you today? Can you recommend me a  crime moovie that you liked?
Its very funny
Is Life of the Party a comedy?
Not a big fan of crime movies but maybe you will like the Godfather
I feel like crime today ) I liked Kill Bill . Have you seen it?
Yes its a comedy . No I haven
I watched Godfather . It's classic and very sad movie. But definitely a good one! . Any other suggestions?
How about Scarface
I haven't seen Scarface . But I prefer something new. Mayme from 2015-2017?
Have a good night
Hello . Are you interested in movies?
Yes I love movies! . I love Highlander , what can you recommend?
Have you seen Highlander II: The Quickening and Highlander III: The Sorcerer ? . There is also Highlander: The Source and Highlander: Endgame
Yes of course I have seen every Highlander . There can be only one. What else can you recommend?
I think you might like Braveheart or more recently Thor: Ragnarok
Oh great, I'll have to look into them . Thank you!
No problem!
Bye now
Hi there . I'd love to help you pick out a great new movie to watch! . maybe Pitch Perfect 3 ?
Hello . That looked terrible, but I'll consider it . What about something like The Master of Disguise ?
I think of it as fun-terrible
That's my favorite
Jack and Jill
That was a crime against humanity . One more?
I haven't ever seen master of disguise. Its a comedy, right?
Yes, anything would be good though
Ferris Bueller's Day Off !
Oh awesome, I never saw that! . Thanks so much . Have a great day
no problem . you also
Good Morning . What kind of movies do you like?
Hello . I love Taken and action . What can you recommend?
Have you seen the rest of the Taken series? Taken 2 and the 3rd one? . John Wick is a lot like Taken
Yes I love all of those movies. Can you think of anything else?
Unknown or The Commuter
Oh wow, I've never seen Unknown . I'll see if it's available. . Thanks a bunch
No problem . have a good day
You too
Hi how are you? . What kind of movies do you enjoy?
Great! Thanks. I like epic historical pieces. And recommendations?
I recently saw Black Panther  and it was amazing I also really enjoyed both Guardians of the Galaxy  and Guardians . How about Schindler's List have you seen that? . I hear its hard to watch but a great production of it.
Yes, and i really liked it. Any other World War 2 movies you can think of?
Not sure which war.. but a good war movie I always liked was Saving Private Ryan . It's on my list of favorites.
That’s World War 2.
Look at that! . I'm better than I thought lol . I do remember my dad loving the Wings  movie
I also think that Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade  is a World War 2 movie technically.
Oh cool.  I'm really bad with history lol but I do enjoy movies based on war.  It's interesting at the very least.
Indeed. Have you seen Captain America: The First Avenger ?
Oh yes, it was epic!
That’s also World War 2.
I slacked and haven't seen Captain America: Civil War
You don’t have to watch it to understand Avengers: Infinity War .
Awesome, that's next on my list too! . Although, I haven't seen Thor: Ragnarok  I hear seeing that before Avengers: Infinity War  is recommended
Yeah, and you don’t have to see Captain America: Civil War  to get Avengers: Infinity War . Alright, well thanks for the recommendations.
Nice, thanks for the tips. . You too.
Hello!
Hello, how are you?
I love The Lost Boys , can you recommend me some vampire movies?
Oh sure!
I'm great
I heard The Vampire Diaries was good.  Also, the classic Interview with the Vampire  was a good one. . And anther fan favorite Twilight
Oh cool, I haven't seen either of those . Haha, I actually never saw Twilight
Oh and let me not forget Bram Stoker's Dracula
Maybe I should see if it's at Redbox . Oh yes, that's a classic. Loved it! . Thank you!
I actually haven't seen it either but I'm not much a vampire movie person but I have seen a few just not Twilight lol and know of people who do love those movies. lol
have a great day
You too.
Hello
Hey, how are you? . What kinds of movies are you looking for?
im looking for a good drama to watch.
Hmm, have you seen The Reader ? It pretty dramatic
No I have not. I have heard it was good thought.
I also enjoy A River Runs Through It . Older, but a favorite
I'm not familar with that do you have any more recent movies?
Well, I don’t know about newer dramas, but A Quiet Place  was certainly dramatic, and scary
I have seen that. i was very good. . I will give your  other suggestions a try.
One last one: Hostiles is a great drama. . I hope that helps. Good luck on your movie-going adventures.
I will thanks for your help!
Hi, ever seen Fast & Furious 6
no, only saw up to 3 in the series
Oh ok, I'm a fan. How about the Speed movies?
yes, I did see it
any suggestions on good recent movies?
how about star wars: a force awakens?
Ok, I haven't seen it yet. Anything else? Not a huge star wars fan.
its an older movie, but how about gone in 60 seconds?
I think I saw that and I liked it. Do you like Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation
I have not seen it yet, thought it looked good
Yes it was awesome. Did you see The Amazing Spider-Man 2
yes, fantastic.  did you have a chance to see it . how about deadpool 1 or 2?
Yes to Spiderman, No to Deadpool 2 . Are you ready to check out?
I think so.  good luck to you
You too
Hello . What is your favorite movie?
I like movies similar to The Sixth Sense  what about you?
That's awesome . I'd recommend The Matrix and Saw , have you seen those?
I have seen all of Saw III and the other sequels they are pretty interesting. The Matrix was good I did not like the sequels
Oh I see, what about Pandorum ?
I have never seen Pandorum is it a horror film, I love horror and suspense?
Yes it is! . Enjoy the movie, have a great day
ok you too
Hi how are you? . Hope you're having a great day!
hello how are you do you have any suggestions for horror films similar to Poltergeist ?
What kind of movies do you like? . ;) . Sure, have you seen any of the A Nightmare on Elm Street movies? . How about Halloween
yes A Nightmare on Elm Street one of my favorites
I think Scream  was a fail as far as being scary but it was a good movie overall.
I have seen all of the Halloween and Jason X
Nice! Mine too.  It's such a classic! . Oh yes! Those are also great choices.
Scream it was ok the sequels were horrible
Right! . So true.
I just watched The Visit it was really good, have you seen it?
Actually, no I haven't. . I'll put it on my list.
You should see it very interesting. Nice talking to you have a good one
Thanks you too! Take care.
hello how are you?
Hi, how is your weekend so far? . I'm doing well. What kind of movies are you interested in?
My weekend is wonderful so far, I was just looking at a commerical for the Incredibles 2
Haven't seen it yet, but I liked The Incredibles.
I know that I am a grown up but the first one was very good . I love suspense, horror, drama anything with a catchy mind twisting plot . I recently saw A Quiet Place have you seen it?
Not yet, but I heard it's creepy. Have you seen Game Night?
no I havent is Game Night good? I noticed that it has a high rating with rotten tomato
I liked it.
I will add it to my list. Nice chatting with you
Take care!
Hello how are you?
Hello, I’m well thanks . What kinds of movies are you into?
I love horror suspense movies Poltergeist was one of my favorite the original one . Have you seen it?
I have, and if you like psychological thrillers like that, might I recommend Mama ?
Mama I saw that one it was a really good one . the ending was a little sad to me . A Quiet Place have you seen it?
That was great . It’s not quite the same category, but have you seen Wind River ?
Wind River I have never seen it what is it about?
A murder investigation on an Indian Resevation that opens up a larger conspiracy
I think I saw it on netflix or xfinity I will have to check it out today. Thanks for the suggestion
Of course. Take it I easy and enjoy!
nice chatting with you have a good one
Hello, how are you?
I am well, and I just watched The Abyss
Never saw it, what’s it about?
Its about aliens in the bottom of the ocean
Hmm. Are you a fan of Cloverfield ?
Yes that is a great move
Any other good alien movies you know about?
I like Contact
That’s a good one. . I really enjoyed Arrival
That is very good, a great choice for a move indeed
Well, I will have to check out The Abyss . Thanks for the recommendation
thank you as well
Bye now.
Hello There.
Hi! How is your weekend so far?
Looking for any good movies? . It’s good! Thanks for asking!
Can you recommend a good romantic comedy like Sleepless in Seattle or When Harry Met Sally...? Those are two of my favorites.
Sure.  A more recent one that comes to mind is Leap Year
Who is in that one?
There is also the classic Annie Hall . Leap Year  has Amy Adams and Matthew Goode
Annie Hall was pretty good. I like Diane Keaton. . Leap Year sounds good. I'll have to look for it.
It’s cute and simple entertainment. . I hope this helped you.
Yes, thank you!
Bye for now.
Bye!
Hi
Hello there! . I know a lot about movies :D
I am looking for doog comedy movie to watch tonight . do you know any?
Yes comedies are mu speciality . Have you heard of Ghostbusters or Hot Fuzz
I have seen those , I liked them . Somethig like Hangover is what I like.
oh then A Home at the End of the World is the best choice for you! . thats my favorite
thank you, I have not seen that one
no problem anytime . bye
bye
Hi! . What kind of movies are you looking for?
hello how are you. I am looking for movies similar to Crash . have you seen that movie before? . I like movies with suspense and twist
Me too . Have you seen Free State of Jones ?
another one would also be The Butterfly Effect
I have seen that one, I love it
I have seen Free State of Jones im not a big fan of the main character i forgot his last name Matthew . im sorry i meant I havent seen Free State of Jones
I liked The Next Three Days . have you seen it?
The Next Three Days havent heard of that one what type of genre?
Mystery, drama
I will have to check it out nice talking with you
you too . bye
Hello!
Hello there. Looking for some good movies?
I am looking for a nice movie to watch tonight alone
Any specific genre?
maybe a mystery
Wind River  is a great film about a murder investigation
i liked Seven  very much! . Nice one, but i have seen it . Maybe a crime movie . i like crimes also . Hannibal Was great!
Seven was great. If you are looking for things like that, Zodiac  is a good way to go
I have heard of it . i think i will give it a go! . Thanks!
Cool. Hope you enjoy it. . Have a good weekend now.
Bye! i will for shure . you too!
Hi
Hello . How are you doing tonight?
I am looking for good movie to watch . Something like Notebook
oh . i liked that one . Have you seen Dear John
Yes, I love that movie
me too :D my favorite . Have you heard of Love Actually or the classic Titanic
No, I have not, I will watch it . You can watch Titanic if you have not already.
I have i love it . ! . thats it see ya!
Hello how are you
Hey there. I am well. Are you looking for a good movie?
Yes, I love marvel especially Black Panther . have you seen it?
That’s a good one.  Have you seen Guardians of the Galaxy ? . It’s also Marvel
Guardians of the Galaxy yes I have seen it. I havent seen the sequels though
I homest . I honestly think Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2  is better
I want to see Avengers: Infinity War have you seen it?
Not yet, but it looks epic.
I heard that it has a really mind blowing ending . Well it was nice chatting with you. Have a good one
You too. Take care.
Hello my friend
Hi
i need some great movies to watch with a lover tonight
have you seen The Shawshank Redemption it is a classic
That is a great movie, but i dont like it . can you recommend something like Titanic i really liked that one!
Maybe something like Hollywood . Ore my favorite Jane Eyre
I love Hollywood but i havent seen the secon one . thanks! . i will watch it for sure!
Bye
Hi
Hello
Do you like crime movies? . im a crime movie specialist!
Oh yes! Now some good crime movie to recommend. . ?
Have you seen Goodfellas or The Departed ?
I have seen them . do you know something like Godfather
Have you heard of Once Upon a Time in America . or Zodiac
Yes but i did not watch it, Thanks!
No problem
Good suggestions!
anytime! . Bye!
Hi there
Hello . i need a good movie . i have a date tonight . maybe a romantic comedy
You should watch The Proposal
I have seen that one its okay
or maybe How to Lose Your Virginity
oh no im a virgin so thats inappropriate :D . but the movie is great
Oh ok . My favorite is Notebook
something like La La Land maybe? . oh i have not
have you seen it
if its your favorite then its great for sure . Thanks!
I love la la land
see ya . bye!
no problem . bye
Hello!
Hi there
im a movie specialist . :D
do you know some good disney movie . My kid loves them
yes! . Try the classics The Lion King or Pinocchio
I already saw those. . Do you know some movies like Tangled
yes they are really famous . have you seen Coco its pretty new
Oh, I did not
also one of the best for me
Is it new?
Yes its from 2017
Oh, I see . thank you
No problem . anytime . bye
Hi! How is your weekend?
Going well. An for you?
I'm doing well.
Looking for a good movie?
Yeah, I'm in the mood for a female-oriented drama like Beaches or Terms of Endearment. I like those kinds of films.
Have you seen Hidden Figures ?
Yes, I loved it!
How about 20th Century Women
I haven't seen that one. Who is in it?
Elle Fanning is one of the more recognizable women in it
I like her. I'll see if I can find the movie.
It’s about a single mom trying to make things work out in a variety of life struggles.
That sounds like my kind of movie. Thanks!
Hope you enjoy it. . Enjoy the rest of your weekend!
Same to you!
Hi
Hello! . I know a lot of great movies
I am looking for good horror movie.
Thats my specialty
can you recommend some?
Have you heard of It Follows or Sinister
No I have not . I will watch . Have you heard of REC ? . This is very scary movie
No i have not...hm thats strange . maybe Ring thats a great horror . my favorite
I have seen it . is it japanese version?
i like your taste' . i dont like the japanese version . the us is acceptable for me . the us version :D
Thank you for recommendation! . Bye
Bye bye . Bye bye
Hello?
Hi
do you need some movie to watch tonight?
yes i do i have an important date tonight . do you like disney movies . i do
Yes! Very much!
can you recommend some
Do you Know About Pocahontas ?
i really like The Lion King
Me too
i have one of my favorites
Have you seen Beauty and the Beast ? . or maybe Tangled ?
Yes i love it . oh . i have heard of that one . i will watch it! . thanks!
Hello
How are you?
i like new moveis . i am fine thanks . do you know some great new moveis . movies*
Have you seen Deadpool 2 . and Red Sparrow . ?
I have not but i have heard of them and i dont like them . can you recommend something else?
What about Annihilation ? . it is very nice movie
yes i know about it i have seen it . i love it . something like that maybe?
Yes, Ocean's 8 . I heard of it, . my friend like it
thats a great movie, i will watch it tonight . thanks! . Bye!
bye
Hello
Hello . im a movie expert!
My boyfriend likes action movies . can you recommend any?
Yes i have a few to recommend . maybe Lethal Weapon or Die Hard
We already saw that, those are classic
Hmm...let me think
anything else?
then try The Matrix or Mad Max . Mad Max is a really great action
I saw first one . But I have not the second . Thanks, . I will watch it
perfect! you will not regret it!
bye!!!
no problem anytime! . bye
Hello
Hi!  How are you?
I am great, I am looking for disney movies to watch tonight . Do you have any suggestion?
My favorite Disney movie is Beauty and the Beast
I love that movie, my Favorite is The Lion King . Have you seen it?
I have.  I love that movie too.  Another favorite of mine is The Little Mermaid.  It is such a sweet movie.
I agree! . have you seen Tangled ? . It is so beautiful.
I have!  I love that one too.  I don't know that you can really go wrong with Disney movies.  They are just amazing.
I am not kid any more, but still love disney . thank you for suggestion . seeyou . bye
You are very welcome.  Enjoy your movie!
Thanks
Hello. How are you doing?
Hi there . I'm great . I'm looking for something like DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story
Have you seen Step Brothers ?
Yes it's great
How about Zoolander ?
Haha yes, my favorite . Can you think of any others?
Have you seen Tropic Thunder ?
I haven't! That sounds awesome. . Thanks a bunch . Take care
Of course, hope you like it.
Hello there. How’s it going?
I'm great . I'm looking for something like The Sixth Sense , can you help?
How about The Happening ? . Or have you seen Shutter Island ?
Yes I loved Shutter Island but haven't seen The Happening
Along the lines of The Happening , there is also Signs directed by M. Night Shyamalan
Oh good point . I did love Signs . Thank you so much! . Bye
Of course. Bye
Hello . What's your favorite movie?
Hi! . My favorite movie is Avenger ! . What is yours?
Oh awesome . You should see Blade and Blade II
Cool! I haven't seen those yet
Sam Elliot is wonderful . Have you seen Avengers: Age of Ultron ?
Yes I thought it was great! . Do you have any other suggestions for action movies?
Nope, have a great day though! . Enjoy Blade
Hey, what's up?
Hey. You enjoying the holiday?
I am so far! What about you? Got anything planned?
It's raining here, so I was thinking about going to a movie or going bowling.
Sounds fun. What kind of movie?
Not sure really. Maybe a romantic comedy.
Those are always entertaining. I hear Overboard is pretty good.
Overboard? The remake of the Goldie Hawn movie? It's a little too slapstick-ish for me. . I like classic films like The Apartment . What have you seen lately that's good?
What about Four Weddings and a Funeral ? It's older so you might have to look around to find it but I enjoyed it. . The most recent movie I've seen was Deadpool 2 . It's a bit vulgar and more of an action comedy but I have to say it does have a good message!
I'm kinda over super hero movies. But I'll check out Four Weddings and a Funeral. Thanks for the tip.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it as much as I did. . And if you're ever looking for another great romantic comedy, I also suggest Silver Linings Playbook .
I loved Bradley Cooper in American Hustle
If you loved in in that, you'll definitely love him Silver Linings Playbook . His performance is superb. So is his co-star's, Jennifer Lawrence.
Have to run. Thanks again for your suggestions.
You're very welcome! Enjoy the holiday!
Hey, what you up to?
Watching a baseball game, but I would like a good comedy recommendation for when the game ends.
You like old school or new school comedies?
How about a couple from both?
One of my favorites is Step Brothers with Will Farrell. You seen it?
Step Brothers is one of my all-time favorites. Very funny movie.
What about Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby
Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is also excellent. John C. Reilly and Will Ferrell are a great comedic duo.
John C. Reilly is a genius. Don't know if you like musicals, but he was awesome in Chicago
I never saw Chicago. I should add that to my watchlist.
Ocean's 8 will be out in a few weeks. Really want to see that one.
Is Ocean's 8 the all female version of that heist series?
Yeah with Sandra Bullock
Good to know. I liked the original and the remakes.
I didn't like Ocean's Twelve that much. But I liked the rest of them.
A lot of star power in all of those movies. I think that made all of them watchable. Thank you very much for helping me with movie recommendations.
You're welcome. Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
Hey what's up?
Hi, have you seen Forrest Gump ?
Yeah. You like Tom Hanks?
I do, I loved him in Cast Away . Did you see that one?
Yeah, the soccer ball Wilson lol. Did you see him in The Da Vinci Code
I think I did see that. How about him in The Terminal ?
I usually love him but I didn't in that. Or in The Circle. It was awful
I didn't see that. He is the highest paid actor in the world I've heard. So good for him. This is really old but Big is good.
One of his best I think. And you should check out That Thing You Do! . It's got a Beatles vibe.
Sounds good. Are we ready to check out?
Yeah. Have a good night.
Ditto
Hello! . What's your favorite movie?
Hello . I like comedy and action what would you suggest
Sure, that's great . Blue Streak and Paycheck are action packed with comedy
I really enjoy those movies . What about a great comedy
Hmm, well how about The Interview or The Disaster Artist ?
I have never seen those can you tell me what the The Disaster Artist is about
Yeah! It's a comedy about Tommy Wiseau played by James Franco . Enjoy! Have a great day
um ok not a very good . but ok
Hello!
You have plans tonight?
I love the movie Pan's Labyrinth , what do you recommend?
Is that the same director who did The Shape of Water?
Indeed it is . I loved that movie too . Can you think a couple others?
The Artist It's a silent film but excellent
Oh cool, I've never seen that
And I'm looking forward to Ocean's 8
Oh, haha that looks silly . Thank you, have a great night
you too
Hey there . I love Argo , can you recommend an action or spy movie?
Bridge of Spies Tom Hanks is in it
Oh nice! I haven't seen that
And The Manchurian Candidate. The original way better than the remake.
Oh really, I'll have to see that too! . Can you think of anything else?
If you like cheesy movies Kingsman: The Secret Service.
Oh yeah, I saw that, it was silly . Thanks a bunch, have a great day
:-)
Hey! . What is a movie you love?
Hello, I am looking for a old classic . What would you suggest?
The Gold Rush and Invasion of the Body Snatchers are classics
LIke Pulp Fiction . I have never hear of those
Those are classics
What about a comedy
How about Planes, Trains and Automobiles ?
Okay cool I haven't seen that one either . I will check them out . thank you . bye
Bye!
Hey!
Greetings
What movie is your favorite?
How are you today?
I'm great . What can I help you find?
I like a great mystery what do you have in mind? . LIke Seven
Murder on the Orient Express and Memento were both good
Yes I have seen both of them great movies
Oh okay . What about Goodnight Mommy ?
What about a recent action
It's a horror mystery from Sweden
Okay thanks I will give it a try . thanks bye
Hey there . What is your favorite thing to see?
Hello, How are you today
I'm great
I like crime movies like Pulp Fiction . Do you know of anything that is good to watch
Definitely . Check out The Rock and I Saw the Devil
Okay cool I Saw the Devil just by the title make me want to see it lol
It's action with tons of gruesome violence . Have you seen Kill Bill: Volume 1 ?
Sounds like my kind of movie . Kill Bill: Volume 1 was a good movie I haven't seen the others I will check those out too
Awesome! . Enjoy, have a good night
thanks
Hello there
Greetings
What do you like to watch?
My son loved Peter Rabbit do you know any movies thats similar?
Oh yes! . Isle Of Dogs was a great kids movie, and Mulan is a classic
Okay He loves dogs so that sounds like it would be a great one
Have you seen Toy Story ?
Yes we saw the first one are there more?
I think so . Well enjoy, and have a great night
I ill check it out thanks
Hello What kind of movies do you like?
Hello
Maybe I can recommend something
I love The Martian , what else would I like?
That was cool movie what about Red Planet
I've never seen that, thank you!
The Space Between Us was a good one too . although I think that came out in 2017
I've never heard of that, hmm . Can you think of anything else?
Yes of course . What about Mission to Mars . have you seen it
Oh yes! that's a classic . Thanks so much . Have a great night
okay cool . welcome
Hello there
Hello how are you today
What do you like for movies? . I'm great
I like movies like Gone Girl do you know anything else that is worth watching?
Indeed, have you seen Edge of Tomorrow or Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol ?
I have seen Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol but not the other one
Oh good, Pi was really good too
I love Mission: Impossible  movies . I haven't heard of that one but I will give it a try
Yeah! Enjoy . Have a great night
you too
Hey there . What do you like for movies?
Hello, I like movies like Love Actually . Do you know anymore like those?
Of course! . Have you seen Serendipity or When Harry Met Sally... ?
I never seen them but I am up for a movie night
Very cool . How about Titanic ?
I haven't seen it but I don't want to but thanks
Hmm, well what about The Notebook ?
I Love that one great one
Okay! Enjoy your movie night . Take care
thanks
Hello . What are your favorites?
Hello, I am looking for a great movie for date night? . It can be anything lol
Yeah! How about The Lone Ranger or Battlefield Earth ?
I haven't heard of it . But I will take it
Oh well, have you seen Titanic ?
nope not that one either . but sounds fun
Hmm, well how about Men in Black ?
Cool love it but never saw it
How about Star Wars ?
I can't say that I have but we will watch it tonight . thank you, you awesome
Well, how about Independence Day ?
Nope Im so sorry . :(
What's your favorite movie?
that is coming up the holiday lol . I don't have one but thanks again . bye
Hello . What is a movie that you like?
Hello . I am looking for something similar to The Big Sick . Can you help
Oh sure!
okay great
How about Equilibrium or GoldenEye ?
Okay cool sounds like great movies
Have you seen Saving Private Ryan ?
Yes, I saw that one
It's awesome . Well enjoy your movies! . Have a great night
thanks . you too
Hello there . I love Saving Private Ryan , could you recommend more?
It looks like you enjoy historical dramas. I would recommend Black Hawk Down
Oh yeah! I love that movie. . Can you think of more?
I've heard that Jarhead is a great movie.
Oh me too, I never saw Jarhead though . How about another?
There is always Letters from Iwo Jima
I've heard great things about Letters from Iwo Jima , but I haven't seen that either . Thanks a lot for the recommendations . Have a great night
You are welcome!
Hey there . What do you like for movies?
I like fantasy and dystopian futures.
Oh cool, check out Oblivion or Equilibrium . Have you seen those?
I've never seen those. Are they like The Hunger Games ?
Sort of, they both take place at an undisclosed time in the future . How about 12 Monkeys ?
Then I would probably like them. . I have never seen that movie either.
Oh, well those are all great . Have a good night!
Thank you. Have a great night too!
Hello
Hi! How are you today? What kind of movies do you like?
I love Highlander II: The Quickening , what can you recommend for fantasy/action?
Have you seen The Avengers or Doctor Strange ?
I've seen The Avengers but not Doctor Strange . Can you recommend anything else?
Maybe you would like Highlander: Endgame?
Haha yes I would . It's the best of the sequels . Thank you so much . Have a great night
Good bye and have a good night!
Hello!
Hello
I like Mission: Impossible II , what can you recommend?
The original Mission: Impossible is great or maybe you would like Jack Reacher: Never Go Back ?
Oh yes, I've seen both of those! So good . What else could you recommend?
It is more of a comedy, but Knight and Day is pretty good. Have you seen that?
Oh, no I haven't . Thank you so much! . Have a great night
Hello hello
Hi! What kind of movies do you like?
I love Rain Man , what else would I enjoy?
One movie you might like is Mozart and the Whale . Have you seen that one? Another good one is A Beautiful Mind .
Oh cool, I haven't seen Mozart and the Whale but I loved A Beautiful Mind . Do you know anything else?
Forrest Gump is a great movie too. It is long but worth it!
Oh yes, that is a classic . Thank you so much . Have a great night
Have a great night too!
I saw a great movie last week.
Really, what movie was that?
Breaking In with Gabrielle Union. It was a lot like Panic Room with Jodie Foster
Oh really, I haven't seen either of them? Are they more in the genre of horror or suspense?
Suspense. Both are about mothers protecting kids during a home invasion. But nothing gory like The Purge
I don't do well with gory moves, but I love suspense movies! I may have to check those out!
And consider Get Out if you haven't seen it. It's suspenseful but also comedic.
I love when movies mix comedy and suspense, I will have to add that one to my list as well.
Great. Hope you like them. Have a great night.
You as well. Thank you.
Hello there
Hi! What kind of movies do you like?
I love K-19: The Widowmaker , can you recommend action or drama?
Have you seen The Hunt for Red October or Crimson Tide ?
Oh no, neither of those . Thank you . Anything else?
Another great movie is Clear and Present Danger .Have you seen that one?
I did actually see that one! . Thanks again . Have a great night
Have a great night!
Hello . What is your favorite movie?
Pitch Perfect
Wonderful . Have you seen Rent or Whiplash ? . Also great music movies
Saw Rent . It was okay. Did not see Whiplash but I want to.
Awesome, what about This Is Spinal Tap ?
No. I never even heard of it. What's it about?
It's a mockumentary about the great rock band of all time . Hilarious stuff . Enjoy! Have a great night
I'll check it out.
Hello! . I loved The Greatest Showman . Could you recommend any musicals like it?
The The Greatest Showman was an excellent move! Have you ever seen Moulin Rouge!?
I haven't, but I've always wanted to see it. Can you recommend anything else?
Into the Woods is another excellent pick if you haven't already seen that one.
I have seen that one! It was great! . Do you have any other recommendations?
Another one of my favorite musicals is Les Misérables. Which of course also has Hugh Jackman.
That movie was amazing! And I love Hugh Jackman too! . Thank you! . Have a great night!
You're welcome, have a great night as well!
Good evening . I really like The King and I , can you give me more?
Did you hear that Steven Speilberg is doing a remake of West Side Story
Nope, I never saw that either.
Kiss Me Kate. Bob Fosse was the choreographer
Very old school. How about something newer?
Well I'd recommend staying away from La La Land Very cheesy
Oh haha, it was Oscar worthy . Thanks for those though . Have a great night
you too
Hi there
Don't laugh, but I really want to see Incredibles 2
I haven't seen that or The Incredibles . I had no idea it was 14 years old
What's the last movie you saw?
Deadpool 2 , it was good
Did you get to see Black Panther
Yep, it was overrated though
So you like super hero movies, just not animated one? Are you an The Avengers fan?
Yeah, I've seen about 75% of the Marvel movies . Have a great night
Hi
Hello
What is your favorite movie? . mine is The Conjuring
So you like horror movies.
Yes they are my specialty
My favorite horror is Orphan
Have you heard of The Cabin in the Woods or Sinister 2 . i like that one too! . its great!
I actually need some movie to watch tonight, do you have any recommendation? . I have not seen those two . I like suggestion . Thanks!
no problem ! . Bye!
Hi!
Hello
I love chick flicks like Mother's Day . Can you recommend any movies like that?
How about 10 Things I Hate About You
I have seen that but it has been a long time! Anything else like Mother's Day ?
I haven't seen Mother's Day but I did just watch Forgetting Sarah Marshall
I have seen that one! It was great!
It was a lot like 10 Things I Hate About You  but more recent
Any other reccomendations?
How about Entourage
I have never seen that one.
It's the sec and the city for Men lol
Thank you! Have a great night!
Was a series on HBO and they did a movie at the end . Have a good night!
Hi
Hello!
I love adventure movies . I need some movie that I have not seen yet
oh me too! my favorite is The Secret Life of Walter Mitty
I saw that movie last night! It is beautiful
yeah i like it too . maybe try Jurassic Park or Indiana Jones  . Indiana Jones moveis are great . especially Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
yes, I saw those too, But I didn't like them . last one is ok, I have not seen it yet . Thanks!
great! . bye!
Hello!
Hi there
i love movies . what genre is your favorite?
Me too, animation movies are my favorite
i really like Princess Mononoke and The Boss Baby
Me to, I have seen those two! . Great movies
ok then . let me think . Maybe Zootopia?
Thank, I will watch it! . You should watch Frozen
Oh i loved that one, but i have watched it
Oh, okey . thanks for sugestion
no problem anytime! . bye!
bye
Hello hello!
Hey. So what's your favorite movie genre?
I love fantasy movies. I really like the Harry Potter  series. Could you recommend movies like them?
For kids Bridge to Terabithia
I've seen that. It is pretty good. . Can you recommend fantasy for someone a little older?
I also liked Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides
I haven't seen that one but I did see the first one Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl . Is it as good?
Better. It's darker. Ian McShane is in it and he's like the best villain ever.
I'll have to see it for sure! Thank you!
Check out Into the Woods too. It was surpisingly good.
I have seen that one also. It was great! . Thank you! . Have a great night!
YW. You too
Hello
Hi, How have you been doing?
Fine, thanks. What kind of movies do you like?
I Love action and adventure style movies.
Have you watched Die Hard or maybe Lethal Weapon ? . Those are my favorite.
Yes, I have actually and they are really good movies.  Back when the movies came out they were the go to for high graphics
I agree! . You should see new movies like Avengers: Infinity War  and Deadpool 2
I love all the comic style action movies like Triplex and The Boondock Saints
I have not seen it . thank you for suggestion . I have to go now . bye
Hello !
Hello there
I know a lot of great movies . my favorite genre is Crime
Do you know some good crime movies!
Yes hehe
I really need some movie to watch tonight with my boyfriend. . something like Godfather is what I like.
have you heard of American Hustle or Badlands . those are both great
I have seen tham, an I do not like them, sorry . *them
Then try Black Mass With johnny depp . its good for me
I love Johnny Depp!!!!!! . Thank you a lot!
Thats perfect then :D
I have not seen that movie . great taste you have
No problem Bye!
bye!
Hello!
Hi! . Do you like drama movies?
I do! Do you know any good drama movies?
My favorite is Forrest Gump . Have you seen it?
I love that one! It is a classic!
Yes, I like Spotlight too . It is drama and mystery movie
I've never seen that one before.
You should, it is great
Maybe I will! Do you have any other recommendations?
Yes, of course! Try with Big Fish  and Erin Brockovich . I guarantee for these two movies!
I have seen Big Fish and it was pretty good. I've never seen Erin Brockovich
Then you have movie to watch, Have a nice day . bye
Thank you! Good bye!
Hello!
HI!
i have a date tonight . can you recommend some great romantic comedies
sure is there a particular era you would like to be recommended new or old
Older ones i think . i liked Casablanca . Come on man the date is closing up!
What do you like most about Casablanca, Casablanca.  I have not seen it.  How about the remake?
I have not seen the remake, i dont want to ruin my good experience :D . Its like the remake of The Godfather, imagine that...probably not a good movie :D
I totally understand.  I recommend Singing Lovebirds
I have heard of it
Really? I didnt know that.  You are going to have me go look it up.
its something like Notebook
Yes, I have heard of it.  I have just not seen it
i like that one Thanks! . i havent seen it, i will do tonight! . thanks i have to run bye!
You are very welcome. . Goodbye!  Have a great date night.
Hello there
Hi!
I love good movies . i know a lot of them . what is you favorite genre
I do too! I l really liked Wonder Woman . What other movies like that do you recommend?
Spider-Man and Batman  are good, but you have probably seen them . i like them very much
I have seen both of those! I've probably seen most super-hero movies!
Then you should try Dr. Strange  its not so popular . i like it very much
I've actually seen that one too. It was very good! . Do you have any other ideas?
I know one My Super Ex-Girlfriend is great!
Now there is one I've never seen! . I'll have to watch it! Thank you!
you are welcome!
Have a great night!
Bye!
Hi
Hello . I love Deadpool can you recommend some movies like that one
Me too, I love superhero movies . My fovorite is Batman Returns
we are a like :D . Its good!, but i have seen it . maybe a lesser known movie . that whould be grat
Ypui should watch Superman: Unbound and Batman Begins . *You
i havent seen the first one, the secont i have and i like it very much! . Thanks i will watch it for sure! . Bye!
Have a nice day
you too
bye
Hey there!
Hi how are you?
I'm great! I love drama movies. Do you have any recommendations?
I love drama movies as well. Have you ever seen The Visit
No I haven't. . Is it a horror movie? I don't really care for horror movies?
I don't find it to be a horror, more of a suspense movie with some good thrills and suspense.
Maybe I'll have to see it then. Do you have any other ideas?
What about Titanic ?
I've definitely seen that! I think everyone has seen that! Haha
That's true lol. How about Boyhood
I haven't seen that one. It looks good.
It is. I love the storytelling in it. You should check it out.
I will. I love movies that tell a good story! Do you know any other movies like that?
How about a A Beautiful Mind ?
That was a great movie! It has been a while since I have seen it so maybe I will watch it again. . Thank you!
You're welcome.
Have a great night!
You too.
Hey there. How are you?
Fine, thank you
Looking for a good movie?
I have a movie night tonight . my friends are coming . I need good mystery movies
Well, Wind River is a good mystery.
I have seen that one
How about Memento ?
I have not seen it . thanks . My favorites are Seven and Prestige
Its a lot like Seven . Enjoy
you should watch them if you have not already . thank, bye
I’ve seen both, and they are great . Bye
Hello!
Hey there . What's your favorite movie?
i am a fan of johnny depp so movies with him i like very much!
Oh perfect
Black Mass  is my favorite
Check out Dark Shadows and The Tourist
I have seen The Tourist but i havent seen the first one . i like your recommendation
What about The Astronaut's Wife ?
Yes thats even better!
Well good . Have a great night
i havent seen that one, i thing its a good choice for today! . You too bye!
Hello there . What do you like for movies?
Hi, I just watched The Greatest Showman last night and I cant stop singing the songs! Do you know any musicals? . I also love Hugh Jackman in general!
Hugh is splendid . Did you see him in Prisoners or The Prestige ?
I havent seen either of thise
Oh, well another great musical is Pitch Perfect
What are they about? . I loved the first and second but the 3rd fell flat for me
The Prestige is about competing magicians around the turn of the century . Fun for the whole family
That sounds interesting
Great pun. Have a good night.
Thanks!
Good day . How are you?
I'm great . I love The Place Beyond the Pines , what can you recommend?
I love drama and crime movies as well. I liked Law Abiding Citizen
Oh cool, I never saw that.
Yo should check it out. It's a thrilling movie . My favorite genre of movie is Horror.  Do you know any good horror movies?
I like A Tale of Two Sisters , can you recommend me some more?
I love foreign horror movies as well. Have you seen High Tension
Yes I have! . Thanks so much for the recommendations . Have a great night
Thank you so much as well. Goodbye
Good evening
Good evening
I really dig The Shawshank Redemption , can you recommend some more?
I have never seen that movie but I hear it is good . Have you seen Life
I have not, I'll look into it . Can you recommend more?
What's your favorite kind of movie? If you like comedies you can check out Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy
Haha yeah, that's a classic . Comedies are good
I love that movie and can quote it all day every day.
How about one more?
If you like horror you can check out Evil Dead
Very good. I heard that was awesome! . Thank you, have a great night
Hello . What do you like for a movie?
I like comedies.
How about Pineapple Express or Where the Money Is ?
I've never seen either of those. . Do you have any other recommendations?
Hm, well have you seen Zoolander ? . Or DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story ?
Yes I've seen that one. It was pretty funny
Well great . Enjoy the new movies! . Have a great night
I haven't seen DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story . It sounds good though, I'll have to check it out . Thank you! . Good bye
Good evening! How are you?
Great, you?
I'm good.
Looking for a good movie?
Yeah I feel like watching a good horror movie tonight . Any suggestions?
Well, there is the recent A Quiet Place . Or Insidious
I have seen both of those . But they are very good reccommendations . I think I will watch Insidious again!
Have you seen Winchester ?
I found that movie to be a bit 'meh'. Not enough horror.
Or Truth or Dare ?
Now that sounds interesting. I've never seen it but I will definitely check it out . Thank you so much
You should. Enjoy. . Bye for now
Bye
Hello, how are you?
Hi, I'm fine thank you. . I'm kind of bored and need an upbeat movie to keep me entertained. You know of any good musicals?
Got any ideas for a funny movie?
I love Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy
Well, a musical in a way is Moana . Otherwise there is La La Land . I do like anchorman
I love all Disney movies and know almost all the songs by heart. I love the idea of re watching Moana, thankful. . I heard good things about La La Land. I might finally check it out . Have you Spy . *seen
No, but if it’s funny, then I’ll definititely check it out . Thanks for the suggestion
It's pretty good. Thank you as well . Good bye
Hello
Hi!
I love Meet the Parents , can you recommend more?
There is the sequels Meet the Fockers and Little Fockers . Have you seen those?
Oh yes, they kept getting worse and wrose . *worse
Yes. I guess you are right. . Have you seen I Love You, Man ?
No, I haven't . I'll have to check that out
It is pretty good.
Thanks so much! Have a great night
You're welcome. Good bye.
Hi there. How are you?
Hello I am well. how are you?
I'm good.
I would like to watch a good action movie tonight. any recommendations?
I love action movies. . Have you seen  Die Hard
Yes I have. Great Movie! . Any other suggestions along those lines would be welcome :)
I know. How bout The Last Boy Scout
Oh wow good one! Forgot about that movie! . Thanks for the great action movie recommendations :)
That's like a good favorite of mine . Have you seen Looper
Yes, I have. I am a super Bruce Willis Fan!
I can tell, so I am I lol
Haha, Nice . That should do it for the recommendations. . Thanks for your help :)
You're more than welcome
I am trying to advance the chat but am having problems . haha!
One more for good luck, check out John Wick
Oh great idea! Thank you!
Great. Have a good night. Bye.
I seen it and loved it. . Have great night!
Hello
Hi there! . What kind of movies do you like?
I love The Matrix , can you recommend something like that?
Have you seen Source Code or Primer ? Both of those are pretty good.
Oh yes, I loved both of those movies . Can you think of anything else?
There's also Blade Runner. It's a classic! . And Inception is pretty good too.
Oh very cool, I haven't seen Inception . I'll check that out for sure . Thanks so much, have a great night
Awesome! You have a great night too!
Hello, how are you today?
I am okay. Feeling pretty tired after a long day. Action movies always keep me entertained and upbeat. Know any good ones?
I know a few off top my head. Die Hard  is a great action movie . That and Looper are good Bruce Willis Flicks.
I have heard so much about the Die hard franchise but I've never seen all of them . I've seen Looper, it was alright.
If you are in the mood for a good story Pan's Labyrinth is a real kicker.
That movie was amazing. I love the creatures in it. Such an amazingly put together movie. . Any others like that?
Die Hard Franchise was great back in the day. Die Hard 2 and Live Free or Die Hard are half decent. . Other's like Pan's Labyrinth that I can think off that is similar would be The Lord of the Rings . or The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring . I agree Pan's Labyrinth was awesome!
Oh boy. Lord of the rings is like something I would avoid. Way too long for me plus I'm not a fan of the books so I'd fall asleep. I would probably only watch for Orlando Bloom. . Thank you for all off the suggestions. I might just check them all out in the end.
Haha! I hear ya. It is a total marathon watch. . Thank you for asking and have a great day!
Have a great evening.
Hey there . What's your favorite movie?
Jurassic Park. . The original. All those sequels are crap
Haha okay . Have you seen The Machinist or Predator ? . I liked Jurassic Park too
Never heard of The Machinist. Predator  was too violent for me. I didn't like Alien  either.
Oh darn, yeah they get pretty violent . Well, enjoy your recommendation . Have a great night
u-2
Hello!
Hey how are you doing?
I love American Gangster , can you recommend action or mob movies? . I'm great
My mother loves Mob movies. Have you seen The Usual Suspects
Oh yes, the ending was amazing
Definitely! . I know you've had to have seen the classic Scarface
Haha, no actually. I never saw that one. . Can you recommend anything else?
How about Gangs of New York . I heard it was very good. . Plus I love anything with Leo in it
Oh yep, love DDl . Oh yep, love DDl . Thanks a bunch . Have a great night
Hello . What's your favorite movie?
Hello . My favorite movie would be Terminator 2: Judgment Day . Any movies similar? . I would like to relax with some robot apocalypse-type movies
So relaxing
have any recommendations?
How about I, Robot or Ex Machina ?
I saw both and enjoyed them thoroughly
Surrogates was okay too
Ex Machina that ending really threw me off. I kind of predicted it but was still kinda disappointed . I have never seen Surrogates
I thought it was a little boring, too much style and not enough substance . It's Bruce Willis actiony, but with a futuristic twist
Yea, i agree. . how about a kids movie to end the night? . any kids movie will do
Mulan . Enjoy!
Sweet Thanks for the info . Have a great night and goodbye!
Bye
Hello . How are you
Great! How are you?
Im looking for a good comedy what would you suggest . I am fine thanks
Sure, let me think a second
of course
Spaceballs is a great comedy! Have you ever seen it?
I have never heard of it
It is especially great because it is a making fun of all the space movies! . It is pretty old, but it is funny!
Okay I will give it a try . What about something recent like Game Night . I loved that movie
Well, I am not sure about Game Night. That is really recent. What was the plot?
Pretty much what the titles says. Well what would you suggest thats recent?
Let's see recent comedies...I heard that Jumanji is pretty cool . The new one
Okay I saw that one cool movie though
Oh, you already saw it?
Yes indeed
Let's see, what else, there are a bunch...like there is that one that is about a dog show... . I love those actors!
HMM never heard that one
Show Dogs . That might be your best bet!
great thanks . bye
Hello . What is your favorite movie?
Good Evening, how are you?
I'm great
My Favorite movie is Pulp Fiction
Excellent choice . Have you seen Reservoir Dogs or Unbreakable ?
Reservoir Dogs Yes, loved it Unbreakable never seen or heard it. I'll have to check it out . any other that are similar?
Yeah it's M Night before he got bad and then good again . Sure, Oldboy is an absolute must
I also like Fargo and The Usual Suspects . Oh yea, Oldboy is that the korean version? . saw it and enjoyed it!
Oh yeah, don't mess with the remake
The remake was not up to par with the original.
If you liked the actor, check out I Saw the Devil . He plays a complete psycho bad guy in that one . It's incredible
The ambiance and settings of the original are so much more denser and more engaging. . Cool man! I will have to check that out!
Enjoy! . Have a great night
Thank you! . You too! GoodBye!
Hello . What's your favorite movie?
Ah man, there's just so much movies I can't narrow them down. . I love horror and comedies though . My favorite comedy is Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy
Try Natural Born Killers or Reefer Madness
I have never seen Natural Born Killers but it sounds good. I heard of Reefer Madness but never saw it. I will have to check it out'
Yeah definitely, have you seen Midnight Cowboy ? . Also a classic
I just read the synopsis for it and it sounds alright . Not really my style though
Cool, enjoy! . Have a great night
You too. Good night
Hello how are you
Hello! How are you?
Whats kind of movies you like
I am fine, ty for asking!
I am great thanks
I like movies such as The Usual Suspects and Fargo . Movies with a story that hooks you in
Okay old classic . I like Pulp Fiction
Pulp Fiction is one of my all time favorites.
I can agree with you there
I enjoy caper movies as well like Ocean's 11
Love the oceans movies
I can't wait to see the female version coming out soon Ocean's 8
IKR!!! so excited
Can you recommend good war or action movies? . I like Predator and Apocalypse Now
The new Deadpool 2 is a good action/comedy
Nice, I haven't seen it yet but like the recommendation
Okay great thank . bye for now
Hello!
Hi ya!
I loved Ant-Man , can you recommend more?
Sure, I can...have you ever seen Honey, I Shrunk the Kids
Haha yeah, classic Moranis
Hahahaha that one is so funny, I just thought small people! . Do you like films with miniatures?
Possibly . I'll take anything else. I'm pretty open.
The Borrowers is pretty funny, it is sort of kids, but if you liked Honey, I Shrunk the Kids , you will like it!
Oh cool, I never saw that . Can you think of anything else?
Sure, if we are on the kick The Incredible Shrinking Woman woman is AMAZING!
Haha I've never heard of that . Thanks again . Have a great night
Bye!
Hello
Hi
How are you today
I am going well . doing*
Whats kind of movies you like
Right now I'm looking for a good bunch of superhero movies . Animated movies would be great as well
Have you seen the new The Avengers . I like Ant-Man can't wait until Ant-Man and the Wasp come out
Well that was my top priority this year so of course I saw the Avengers. Loved it . I watch Ant man as well and I am in anticipation of the sequel
Yes great movie. So I know you saw the Deadpool 2
But of course. I wouldn't be a marvel fan otherwise . All great suggestions . Thank you so much
No problem . bye for now
Enjoy your evening
Hello . What is your favorite movie?
Hello, my favorite movie is Terminator 2: Judgment Day . what are your favorite movies?
A great pick . Check out Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace or The Guest
Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace was good, i like it . never seen The Guest
Awesome! Also, Equilibrium
Never seen Equilibrium I'll check that one out too!
Christian Bale being awesome . Have a great night
Yes, you too! Goodbye!
Hi!
Hi. A friend recommended I go see Hush You know anything about it?
Just what I read online, I know that it is pretty intense if you like thrillers. . Do you like that sort of thriller
I do kinda. It was a bit too much for me
Oh, It from 1990, did you ever see the mini series? . The 2017 was pretty intense
I didn't see the original one. I almost walked out of The Book of Eli but I was with people so I didn't.
After the Silence may be more along your lines
I actually liked that. I might watch it again.
It is about a social worker, oh you saw it?
No, I thought you said The Silence of the Lambs
Babel  is pretty weird if you like Japanese films. OH, Silence of the Lambs, hahaha!
I'm going to check out the one you recommended. Thanks a bunch.
You are welcome!
Greetings . How is it going
I'm good.
I am open to suggestions tonight I need a good movie to watch
I was about to rewatch Deadpool  Have you seen it?
Yes I saw that one . I haven't seen Deadpool 2 yet
I have seen it and it's glorious. You should check it out soon. . Are you an action movie lover?
I plan on it I can't wait . Yes I am love action
Did you watch John Wick
OMG yes love it can't wait til the next one
Yes! You and me both. You can try marathoning Mission: Impossible . Since the new one will be out soon
I always been a fan of Mission: Impossible  movies
Great. I haven't seen the last few so I'm having a marathon of my own. Hope you enjoyed the suggestions.
thanks . bye for now
Hello . How are you? . What is your favorite movie?
Hello, I'm good . The Big Lebowski
The Big Lebowski was such a great film. Hilarious . Have you checked out Kingpin with Woody Harrelson or Dumb and Dumber ? . They are also funny comedies
Oh yeah, haha I've seen both of those. Great. . Can you think of anything else?
Um...Have you seen This Is Spinal Tap ? One of my favorite Mock-u-mentaries, haha!
No, I've heard of it though . Thanks so much! . Have a great night
Have a great night and goodbye!
Good Evening . How is everything
Good evening . Good. Just relaxing after a long day . I am rewatching Die Hard have you ever seen it?
What's the last movie you seen I am looking for something to watch . Lol I haven't seen it I take it, its a good movie
I have never met anyone who hadn't seen Die Hard . It's a great movie so get your popcorn and enjoy
Well Hello I am Robyn lol . I will have to watch it
Have you gone to see the new Deadpool 2
Not yet but I do plan on it . Where have I been lol
Please do it's a good movie. Apparently living under a very comfortable rock hehe
IKR lol
What sort of movie did you watch under your rock? So I can suggest movies that match your taste?
Well I did see Deadpool . I love action movie though
And one point for Robyn! Yay. Deadpool was a good flick.
Totally Lol
Have you watch John Wick
Yes I love John Wick . He kicks butt
He does! . Hope you liked the suggestions. Have a good night!
I saw those Taken too . you too thanks
Bye
Greetings . How are you tonight
Hello! I am feeling pretty good. Im about to watch a nice horror movie. Do you like Horrors?
Yes, I do . What are you going to watch
I am watching A Quiet Place . Have you seen it?
I heard its good but I have never seen it . I did see the new It
It's pretty good, except for when your sister is making a lot of noise in the background . It was epic. . I loved the mix of horror and comedy . Poor Georgie!
lol Just turn it up a little more haha . Yes totally . IKR lol
Did you watch The Cabin in the Woods
No I can't say I saw that one. What is it about
It's a sort of take on teenagers going out to a Cabin in the woods and then dying by some supernatural force
What about The Others . That do sounds scary lol
But it's all secretly controlled by this group that sets the events in motion. . I saw the others and the twist gets me everytime . Have you seen Evil Dead
I heard someone say something about that one recently must be a good movie
Really is. Talking about it now makes me wanna watch it again
I need to pop some popcorn and grab the remote . Making me want to watch some movies now lol
Yay!! So I hope you check out at least one of them soon. No popcorn during A quiet place . The true scares are in the loud jumpscares lol
I will keep that in mind
Enjoy! Have a good night.
YOu too
Hello . What is your favorite movie?
Hi Ya! . My favorite movie is Fargo
Good call
I also enjoy Pulp Fiction
Have you seen Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri or The Big Lebowski . Both similar black comedies
Haven't seen Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri but I did enjoy The Big Lebowski
Oh yeah, it was wonderful . Oscar worthy from Frances McDormant . Enjoy! Have a great night
thank you you too! goodbye!
Good evening . What do you like?
Hi there! . Let's see, I like weird foreign films, you know, like Cinema Paradiso
Oh nice, have you seen Subway or La Vie en rose ?
I have not seen those, I will have to check them out. I also like Pan's Labyrinth do you know any like that?
Excellent taste . Have fun watching! . Take care
Thank you!
Oh, uhh . The Shape of Water is a must
Perfect! Thank you!
Haha bye
Bye!
Hello How is your night going
Hi, I'm kinda bored, I'm looking for a movie. One that is funny but not too stupid. I like parodies, like The Naked Gun 2½: The Smell of Fear
Okay cool have you seen Superbad . It was pretty funny to me . Or the The 40-Year-Old Virgin
Ohhhhh yes I have! I love that movie! . Oh, man, I'm laughing just thinking about it! . I need one I haven't seen, but I may watch those again!
Okay a more recent one let me think
Thanks! I appreciate your suggestions, I'm super happy about the other two!
Have you seen Game Night . That have Jason Bateman in it if you're a fan
No, and someone else was telling me it was good! I love him. . Thank you my dear! You made my day! . Bye!
Well you would love it . bye
Hello . I love The Great Gatsby , can you recommend more?
Hi . I have never seen that but I heard it's good.
Something classy or with Leop . *Leo
Speaking of classics. Wanna rewatch Titanic
Haha no, but thanks
Scared of crying again? Me too.... . Anyways how about La La Land ?
I loved it! . Can you think of anything else?
What about The Notebook
Nope, never saw that one . Nice sappy recommendations . Thanks! Have a good night
Hello
Hi
How are you?
I love The Hunt for Red October , can you recommend some movies?
I have never watched it but I heard it's good. . What kind of movies do you like? . Have you ever seen The Last Boy Scout
No, I'll check it out . Anything action or with Connery
Hmm. . How about The Rock
Yes I loved that haha . Anything else?
He was good in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
Totally . Thanks so much, have a great night
You too
hello
Good Evening . How are you
What is your favorite movie? . I am fine, ty for asking :P
I like movies like Game Night any suggestions
Nice Pick . I would recommend Horrible Bosses or Horrible Bosses 2
Yes those a hilarious
or maybe even The Trouble with Harry . or try your chance with Arsenic and Old Lace
Never heard of that one what is it about
Arsenic and Old Lace  (1944) Stars Cary Grant. A drama critic learns on his wedding day that his beloved maiden aunts are homicidal maniacs, and that insanity runs in his family.
Okay that sounds cool I would like that one . thank you
Thank you for visiting and have a great evening!
bye
goodbye!
Hello and good night!
Hello there . I love Eragon , what else would I like?
Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief  is a good one
I've never heard of that, thanks!
You are probably a fan of the Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone
Oh yes, quite the series
I loved it.
Can you think of anything else?
Have you seen Warcraft ?
Nope, I'll have to see if Redbox has it . Thanks again . Have a great night
You're welcom
hello . what is your favorite movie
Greetings . I like movies like Game Night . Have you seen that one
Great Choice! . no i have not
Funny movie . Date Night is a good one as well
I have not seen that one either . I need to catch up on my movies, haha!
hehe . Have you seen anything new like Deadpool . Sorry Deadpool 2
Have you seen Charade  or Teaching Mrs. Tingle ? . I have not seen Deadpool 2 looking forward to it. Thanks for the reccomendations!
I saw Teaching Mrs. Tingle
Good Movie, I enjoyed it.
Yea very much so . thanks . have a great night
Thank you and have a great night, goodbye!
Having a good evening?
Good evening . I am. Can you recommend me something like my favorite movie The 'Burbs ?
Wow I've never even heard of it lol . How about Night of the Living Dead 3D: Re-Animation ?
Haha, now I've never heard of that . Anything else?
Hm, then we'll just have to meet halfway. . Do you like A Nightmare on Elm Street
Oh yes, a horror classic
Good then you would've seen The Sixth Sense
Yep yep, horror movie night it is . Thanks so much . Take care
You too
Hi mate
Hello . I love Battlefield Earth , can you recommend some films?
I liked Warcraft
Oh nice, I haven't seen that
Do you like fantasy movies, have you seen Twilight
Unfortunately, yes . Can you think of anything else?
Have you seen Ender's Game ?
Nope, I will check that out! . Thanks so much . Good bye
Bye
Hello
Hello
What movies do you like?
My favorite movies are The Terminator Terminator 2: Judgment Day  and Pulp Fiction . I also enjoyed Fargo
That's quite the range
I enjoy a variety of genres. . What are your favorites?
You should check out W or Fahrenheit 9/11
Haven't seen either but enjoy the suggestions.
Very good . Have a great night
Thank you . Goodbye!
hello . what are your favorite movies? . May I recommend Deadpool 2 It is hilarious
Hello. I have just finished watching Django Unchained
and is currently out in theaters . Good Flick
Can you recommend any others? . I saw Deadpool 2 and it was epic
Have you seen Kill Bill
Definitely saw Kill Bill when I was younger, I might check it out again to refresh my memory
have you seen The Hateful Eight
No I haven't but I will add that to my watch list for sure
or The Inglorious Bastards . All very good violent movies.
I heard about the remake but I have never seen or been interested in seeing the original. I might check it out . Great. I love Violent actions movies . thank you for these
Thank you for visiting. Have a great night! Goodbye!
bye
hello
Greetings
have you watched Deadpool 2
I love Pitch Black , can you recommend anything like that?
great choice . I would recommend The Chronicles of Riddick
Oh yes, great series overall
or maybe Aliens
Yes! I love that movie
or The Thing
Oh cool, I never saw the original . Thanks so much! . Have a great night
You too! Goodbye!
Hi
Hello
I love movies based on books. For example I love Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone . Can you provide some more good movies?
How about The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey ?
I saw that one. It was good
Have you seen the 2nd one, The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug
Yes. I have actually watched the entire series for The Hobbit . I love these kinds of movies . I even watched Twilight at some point lol. . Thank you for your recommendations I will have to rewatch the Hobbit again.
Your welcome!
Bye
Hi
Good evening . I enjoy Being John Malkovich , what can you recommend?
Oh I love that one! Based on John Malkovich I'd start with Burn After Reading . Burn After Reading
Burn After Reading was great
Sounds like you things a little off the beaten path...how about The Men Who Stare at Goats ?
I haven't seen that, I love Clooney though
It's pretty good. Best Clooney based thing I can suggest is Confessions of a Dangerous Mind !
Oh cool, I haven't seen that either . Thanks so much
Sam Rockwell is fantastic in it!
Have a great night!
you too~
Greetings . What do you like?
hi . I like Deadpool 2 . and Fargo . you?
Good choices . You should check out Burn After Reading or Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
I haven't seen or heard of either. . I will check those out . Thank you so much for your help
Good call
Have a great night and goodbye!
Anytime! . Have a great night
Hello there . What do you prefer?
Hi! . Well recently I watched The Martian and Infinity War and enjoyed both
The Martian and The Avengers are great picks . I'd recommend Interstellar
sorry, The Martian and Avengers: Infinity War  haha
Have you seen Inception too?
Oh I have!  Big Nolan fan!  Did you like the The Dark Knight triology?
Of course. How about House of 1000 Corpses ?
Yup!  I'm one of the few that liked The Devil's Rejects more
Cool, well how about La Vie en rose ?
Haven't seen that one.  Worth checking out?
Oh yeah, classy French movie . Have a great night
you as well!
hi . I like The Usual Suspects and Fargo . Can you recommend me any good movies?
I love those movies as well
cool, glad to hear that . What are some of your favorite movies? . I also like Terminator 2: Judgment Day and Deadpool 2
Have you seen The Big Lebowski
yes, and i loved it . Thanks for your help . Have a good night
Your welcome
Goodbye!
Bye
Hello . What do you enjoy?
Hello . I really like sci-fi movies like The Matrix
Very good
or The Terminator
You'd love Pandorum and Event Horizon
I've never heard of Pandorum  but think I will definitelly check that out.
Yeah, Dennis Quaid and claustrophobic Aliens in space . Enjoy! Have a great night
Thank you. Goodbye!
hi
Hey
My favorite movies are Fargo and Terminator 2: Judgment Day . I also enjoy Pulp Fiction and Deadpool 2 . can you recommend some movies?
Just finished watch Thor: Ragnarok Do you like those kinds of movies?
I havent seen Thor: Ragnarok but I do enjoy those type of movies . Got one more? . Got one more?
Good then you will Black Panther . like*
I saw that and enjoyed it. . Thanks for your help. . Have a great night and goodbye!
No problem. . You too. Sleep well
Hello, what are your favorites?
really enjoyed Dogma , Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas and Tucker & Dale vs. Evil
Very cool
oh thanks!
You should check out Ed Wood . It's pretty quirky
i love ed wood!
Scream 3 is also very underrated
i'm a sucker for the scream series. have you seen Behind the Mask ?
Nope, what about Wes Craven's New Nightmare ?
also Confessions of a Dangerous Mind is great for true story hollywood quirkiness . of course!
Hm, well what about Martyrs ?
haven't heard of that one
It's gruesome. Not for the weak stomach.
I've seen Gigli so i feel prepared
Trust me, you haven't. . Have a great night
well have a great night!
hi
hello
have you watched Deadpool 2 ? . What are some of your favorite movies?
I have not but I really loved Deadpool
Deadpool was a great action film. good dark humor
Tonight I am in the mood to see a kung-fu movie. Something like The Last Dragon
good choice . have you tried Way of the Dragon or Enter the Dragon
I have not seen Way of the Dragon I think I will give that one a try!
or maybe Fist of the North Star
Thanks for the suggestion!
Thanks for visiting! . have a great night and goodbye!
Good night!
Hi how are you! . ?
Hi
What are you favorites?
I love Disney movies . I love Moana
Have you seen the new The Jungle Book ?  It's very good
I loved that movie as well
The new Beauty and the Beast is well done too
Yes definitely and I love that they kept all the old songs
Since you liked Moana you may like Jumanji ...because Dwayne Johnson
I saw Jumanji as well since I had heard so many good things . It was funny as well
Are you going to see The Incredibles sequel?
Yes i am . I will definitely be going to watch it
Smart choice!  haha . well have a great night!
Goodbye
hi . Have you seen Deadpool 2 ?
Yeah I just did! . It was great
I agree!
How about something like 8 Mile
Good Choice. Great musician . I would recommend Hustle & Flow or Straight Outta Compton
Oh yeah! I haven't seen either
or try your chance at Notorious
I'll definitely check them out. . I loved Notorious !
Thank you for stopping by
Bye now
Have a great night and goodbye!
hi . have you seen Deadpool 2 ?
Hi!  I have.  I liked Deadpool  more though
What are your favorite movies? . I also enjoyed Deadpool a little more
The Buddy Holly Story Freddy vs. Jason and Fried Green Tomatoes . Guardians of the Galaxy  almost made the list too
I have not seen The Buddy Holly Story nor Fried Green Tomatoes but Freddy vs. Jason was great! . I also enjoyed Guardians of the Galaxy
There was almost a sequel with Ash from The Evil Dead . Did you like Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 ?
I liked Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 . I thought it was a nice fluff film to not take too seriously. . A sequel to The Evil Dead would've been so awesome! . Thank you for visiting! . Have a great night and goodbye!
Have a great night!  Great chatting!
hi
Good evening
have you seen Deadpool 2 ?
Yes I hit the theater as soon as it was out . Such a funny movie
What are your favorite movies? . It was a great film. . Have you watched either Guardians of the Galaxy or Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 ?
I have seen the both of them. Marvel kind of has me by the short and curlies since I watch every movie they drop
or maybe you have watched classics such as Pulp Fiction or Fargo . Non-Marvel movies but great ones nonetheless.
I have never seen either of them but I love action flicks and I have heard good things about pulp fiction . so I will check them out soon. Thank you
Thank you for visiting. . Have a great night and goodbye!
Bye
Hello! . What is your favorite movie?
Hi! It's a tie between Space Jam and Mom and Dad Save the World
Oh man . You should check out Like Mike and Kazaam
Come on, like I haven't seen Kazaam
Not the worst acting by an athlete
Speaking of Sinbad, I also enjoyed First Kid and Houseguest
He was great in Blank Check
Who wasn't? He really peaked in Jingle All the Way though
I hope you enjoy the recommendations. . Have a great night
You as well!
hi
Ello
May I recommend you watch Deadpool 2 . It is out in theaters right now
I plan on it.  I've liked Ryan Reynolds since Van Wilder
or Deadpool if you haven't watched it yet . Van Wilder was a hilarious movie
I've seen that one. Any other superhero film suggestions?  Or films in theater?
have you watched Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 or Black Panther ?
I have.  Did a binge to prepare for Avengers: Infinity War
Nice, I have yet to see Avengers: Infinity War . I am looking forward to watching that one.
It's really good! . well thanks for the suggestions!  have a great night!
Thank you for visiting. . Goodbye!
hello
Hello
What kind of movies do you like?
I love comedy movies like Blades of Glory
I see, You can watch Shaun of the Dead
I saw that one. A classic parody film
Also Hot Fuzz is funny . I really though Ghostbusters was funny . Or you can watch Hangover
I am a big fan of both of those movies as well.
But Deadpool 2 just came out and it's funny as well . Have you seen it?
Not yet but I plan too
Ok Hope I helped, bye
hello friend . What movies are you into? Do you like action? . If you have kids you can watch Frozen
Stuff like George of the Jungle , my favorite
That's a popular movies. . Ok, That is funny! . You can watch Superbad
I never saw Frozen actually
Even The 41-Year-Old Virgin Who Knocked Up Sarah Marshall and Felt Superbad About It . Another one is Bridesmaids
Definitely not seeing that, but Superbad was good . Thanks for the recommendations . Have a great night
Borat is ridiculously funny too . bye
hi
Evening
have you seen Deadpool 2 ? . Or maybe Avengers: Infinity War ?
Yes I have. But right now I am in the mood for action movies
Both are comic book action movies
I loved both of those.
May I recommend Die Hard
I want movies like Taken
good choice
But I would watch Die hard
may I recommend The Transporter or From Paris with Love ?
I love the transported and from paris with love sounds good I will check it out
or try your chances with Kiss of the Dragon or Lockout . Thank you for visiting.
Wow. I've never seen any of those
have a great night and goodbye!
I will have to create a movie list. Thanks. Bye
hello . What do you like for movies?
hello there I like comedy . I also like horror and action movies . I even love to watch Disney movies.
Oh cool, have you seen The Royal Tenenbaums or The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou ?
I am not picky as long as its fun to watch. . Wow cool movie recommendations.
Those are good
I liked Mean Girls too
How about Fast Times at Ridgemont High or Blazing Saddles ?
Yes, I like those!
Awesome! . Have a great night
bue . bue . bye
hello there
hi
I would like to recommend movies to you . I want to know what you are in to? . What is your best movie preference?
I like movies such as Fargo and Pulp Fiction
Do you like American Pie or Borat ?
I like both of those
Oh those are good!
they are very funny . I also like The Usual Suspects
Ok, Office Space and Wedding Crashers are fun to watch . Ok cool Usual suspects is fun
Those 2 movies are great fun . I enjoyed both . Thank you for your help
Spaceballs and The Princess Bride . ok welcoem . bye
goodbye!
hello friend
Greetings
I want to share movies to you
I like Where the Wild Things Are
I can recommend what you like . oh thats a good one . you can watch The Lorax . thats a really good movie
Oh cool, isn't Devito in that?
or The Cat and the Kit . yes
Haha what? I've never heard of that
or The Grinch
Nice! I'm looking forward to that one . Thanks a bunch . Take care
hello . do you like movies to watch that are funny? . or that are scary? . I can be flexible in recommending
Scary for sure. I loved I Know What You Did Last Summer
I would recommend fun movies. ok let me think . you can watch The Conjuring  ing . the Descent is another one
Yes The Conjuring was great . I liked that too
how about something like The Babadook . those are freaky!! . you like to watch them?
Oh nope, I saw it was on Netflix . I'll check it out, thanks! . Bye for now
even The Shining . bye then
hello
Good evening
I can recommend movies to you . I want to be helpful
I love Wild Things , what can you recommend?
so you can enjoy! . ok let me see . The Invitation  or It Follows . maybe An American Werewolf in Paris . or how about The Omen
I've seen An American Werewolf in Paris but not the others
I hope you are not scared of scary movies . I see
I'll check them out . Thanks!
the The Lego Movie was fun . it's not scary
Take care
hi . please help me . choose movies foryou
Hi
Do you like fun movies? . Fun with Dick and Jane . its funny
I am finishing up watching some Chopped on tv. I want to find a nice thriller to watch.
Also Annie Hall is good . or Trading Places . cool!! . The Lego Movie is good too . do you like them?
no
The Princess Bride is ok too
Can you suggest a thriller. Something like Kiss the Girls
yes Shaun of the Dead
The Princess Bride is a great movie but I am looking for a thriller.
cool . The Conjuring . you will like that
Shaun of the Dead  is more of a comedy horror. Don't you think? . I think you are misunderstanding the genre thriller.
or The Exorcist . maybe . sorry about that . ok bye
Hello
hello
What is your favorite movie?
greetings . I like Moana
Okay, hold on and I'll recommend some
I also like Frozen . ok sure!
Greystoke: The Legend of Tarzan, Lord of the Apes and The Point Men are two of Christopher Lambert's best films
I am not picky and would love all suggestions like Tarzan . or Paper Planes . wow cool! . love those movies
Have a great night
Hi!
good evening . how are you? I like to see some movies but need help . can I watch some comedy or action later?
I'm good, thanks, I was going to suggest some action movies
I like The Incredibles and Incredibles 2 . I also like action . I like The Avengers
Do you like ones like Rush Hour
YEs I love that one . good choice to tell me about it
Awesome!
its been a while since I seen it
I'm glad you like that one
I like The Matrix . all these movies are so fun
I like it too, I agree!
thanks bye
hello
hello!
good evening to you! I am a movie seeker . I want to watch something tonight with my friends . we love to laugh
Me, too! I love all kinds of movies.
and also to get scared or on edge . please name me a few titles
I recently watched Happy Death Day . I thought it was pretty good!
yes . I like Taken 2 . that was a good one . I also like Deadpool . and Fun with Dick and Jane
Yes! The Taken movies are good. So is Deadpool . I heard the second one is awesome.
I am into Die Hard 2
Yes, that is another good series.
thanks bye
I like The Inglorious Bastards
good evening
hello there . good evening too
What kind of movies do you like?
I want to watch action . or even scary
Have you seen Pulp Fiction ? . It is a classic
I am in the mood to eat popcorn and watch movies tonight like Deadpool . yes that's cool . I love those movies like Ghostbusters
Deadpool is great . I like the new Ghostbusters
so fun and yes Harry Brown
I haven't seen that one
sure  is! . yes what else movies do you have in mind . Crazy Safari
I like comedies like The Heat
is an old one I watched and like . oh cool, I can try that . Twitches  I used to watch with my sister
Oh yes! I remember that one! . I like Super Troopers too
yes great, bye
Hey . How are you . What kind of movies do you like to watch?
I'm great . I love The Lone Ranger , can you recommend some movies?
I like Smokey and the Bandit . And The Dukes of Hazzard
Oh cool, I've never seen that . Haha, yeah I saw that. Kind of fun.
For sure! . What other movies do you like?
Foreign movies
Oh that is exciting! . I don't think I am familiar with many foreign movies.
I'll take anything then
Have you seen Identity Thief ? It was hilarious
Haha no, thanks for the recommendation! . Have a great night
You too!
hello
hello how are you
good evening . I am fine thank you . I like to watch movies . I hope you have good stuff to recommend
what kinds of movies are you into
I like Star Wars . I like Tomb Raider . I like The Avengers . I like Neram . anything really . I am open to it all . even fun kids ones . I am a happy person to watch anything and am not picky
you should check out Hotel Rwanda it was nice
yes . I will . thanks bye
hi there . I love to watch movies
hello how are tou
I hope you are having nice day . I like Deadpool
im great thanks
I like Frozen . I also like Waterboys . I love to watch Avenger . I am not picky . anything is fun for me to watch
you should see Deadpool 2 it was great
I like scary or comedy
so was Avengers: Infinity War
yes dead pool is great . yes yes!
have a great day
Uprising is good too . yes . you too
Good evening
how are you
I like Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey and Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure , can you recommend some movies? . I'm good
Jackass 3D was great and so was Ferris Bueller's Day Off
Alright cool . I never saw anything Jackass 3D . But I liked Ferris Bueller's Day Off
Jackass 3D was amazing . have a great day
Cool, well thanks . Good night
hi there . I love watching movies
hello how are you
I am such a movie fanatic
what movies do you like
I even eat popcorn! yes I am good . I like comedu . I love to laugh . Waterboys  was so funny . so was Fun with Dick and Jane . I cracked up . I even like Deadpool . its silly and funny at the same time
you should check out Girls Trip and Think Like a Man Too
even Deadpool 2  so corny . yes I will check out girls trip . never seen it but sounds fun . I even watch cartoons . I am a kid at heart . I liked Moana . that was really good!
those movies were great have a great day
Hello. How are you? . What is your favorite type of movie?
Hello, fine you.
I'm well, thanks. . Have you watched any good movies recently?
The kind of movies that I like is science fiction . Yes, I have seen two movies, recently I saw Star Wars The Ultimate Jedi . Yes I have seen two movies, recently I saw The Star  The Ultimate Jedi . and you ?
Oh, those are good ones! Have you seen Men in Black ? . I recently saw Happiness. I thought it was a great film.
yes I saw Men   and it seemed to me that the script was perfectly adapted to the time. . tell me what it is about Happiness ? . I would like to see Happiness ! . what other movie would you like to see this week?
Happiness  is a drama from Hong Kong about a woman with a cognitive disorder and how she gets along in life. . I'd like to see A Wrinkle in Time  . Have you seen the sci-fi movie Looper ?
Excellent, I think it will be one of my movies for this weekend.
You might like it.
Looper  was directed by Rian Johnson, it seemed an excellent plot of murders. The end I did not expect it.
A like twist endings in movies.
Me too! . I think I already have my list of movies for this weekend and you?
Yes, I do. Thanks for the suggestions. . Thanks for the chat!
Thanks to you too, I think you gave me a good suggestion with Happiness
Goodbye!
Hi, I am looking for a suggeston for a good romatic comedy.
Hi, I think bridesmaid is pretty cool! Have you seen it? . Bridesmaids
No, I haven't seen Bridesmaids
There is also Sixteen Candles that is endearing
I really liked Sixteen Candles and Pretty in Pink was good too.
Yes, I love  Pretty in Pink too!
Anything with Meg Ryan is good, like Sleepless in Seattle and While You Were Sleeping . . Oh wait Meg Ryan wasn't in While You Were Sleeping that was Sandra Bulock
Yes, you may have a point there Sleepless in Seattle is most definitely a classic to cherish
Well thank you for the suggestions.
You are very welcome, I hope take time out to watch Bridesmaids it is just as entertaining.
I will definately watch Bridesmaids
Have a good night!
You too!
Hi there how are you?
Hello, I am doing well! Thank you.
I'm wanting to find out all of the hype with these comic book movies. Where do i start?
What genres do you like
I heard they are all tied together like Thor  and Iron Man are on the same team or something
Yes, exactly and they all are a twist on real human adventures . Most are bad science experiments gone wrong.
But Batman movies like The Dark Knight isn't a part of that?
I like both movies that you mentioned Thor
Then when you bring the The Avengers into it I get confused haha. . Okay I'll watch Thor
Haha well luckily if you watch each movie they do really stand alone.
Good to know lol . thank you for your help . DC vs Marvel is such a weird world!
The Avengers are all apart of the same world with individual problems with their gifts . That is a good point of view you make.  I did not think to mention the different brands of comics
Do the Avengers hang out with Iron Man  and those guys? . I'm thinking Guardians of the Galaxy . !!! LOL im sorry
Guardians of the Galaxy is more like Star Wars
okay I see. Thank you for explaining. Whenever I try to keep up my boyfriend gets so annoyed. I basically have to wiki everything
The stories of the Universe verses galaxy and worlds.  I love them all. They are very entertaining
its good to know they are all separate. . have a good one!
Yes you do the same. Try one of the newer stories like Deadpool 2 you may not be able to tie it into other comic stories.  However, you will surely be entertained. . you too.
I loved Deadpool
Well you are gonna love part 2, hands down! . It is action packed and full of humor.
Thank you! goodbye!
The comic stories also tend to have really good sound tracks.  My favorite is Blade II  series and Triplex
ok i'll add to my list
You are very welcome! Have a good night and enjoy these movies with your honey.
you are very helpful
I am glad I could assist. Goodbye
Hello! . What is your favorite movie?
Hello, how are you?
I'm great
Well, I really like A River Runs Through It
Oh cool, have you see Legends of the Fall or The Last of the Mohicans ?
I like Last of the Mohicans, but I haven’t seen legends of the fall
Oh, well you'd love it I think . How about There Will Be Blood ?
I have seen There will be blood. I will definitely check out Legends of the Fall. . Thanks.
Great, have a nice day!
Hello, how are you? . Looking for a good movie?
Yes please
Well, what kinds of movies do you like?
I love The Matrix , do you know more sci fi?
Sure, have you seen Cloud Atlas ? . Or Arrival ?
Yes I love both of those movies! . Anything else?
How about Interstellar ?
Nope, that sounds great though! . I'll check it out . Have a great day
Hope you enjoy it
Hello there. Looking for a good movie?
Hello there . I love Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey , can you recommend something like that?
Sure, have you seen Bio-Dome ?
Haha yeah . Great movie
Or Happy Gilmore ?
Yes, that's a classic! . Could you think of anything else?
Alright, how about Dumb and Dumber To
Oh, no I never saw that . Thanks so much! . Goodbye
Bye now
Hi there. Looking for any specific type of movie?
Good morning . Something fantasy, like my favorite The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King
Alright, have you seen The Chronicles of Narnia  ?
Oh yes, love those
Or Harry Potter  ?
Haha yes, it's a staple . Is there anything else you can think of?
How about The NeverEnding Story ?
I've heard of it, hm . I'll check it out . Thanks, have a good one
Great, have a good one.
Greetings
Hey, how are you?
I love Sherlock Holmes , can you recommend something like a mystery? . I'm great
Kiss Kiss Bang Bang is one of my favorite mystery movies, I think you would like it, it also has Robert Downey Jr.
Oh cool, I've only heard of that . Thanks
You're welcome! I've been wanting to see a good comedy lately, is there anything you'd recommend? I really enjoy movies like Superbad
Yeah that was good. Can you think of any other mystery or action movies?
Have you ever seen Seven ? If not I highly recommend it. . Or The Usual Suspects
Oh yeah, those are both great! . Thanks so much . Have a great day
Hello, how are you?
I'm great! How are you? What's one of your favorite movies you've seen lately? . The last one I saw was Avengers: Infinity War
I really enjoyed The Martian . Infinity War was good.
I loved that movie! Have you seen Get Out ?
That was another good one
I agree. The next one I'm hoping to get to the movies and see is Deadpool 2 , have you seen that one yet?
Not yet, but the first one was entertaining, so I’ll have to check it out . Thanks for reminding me of it.
No problem, have a great day!
How are you today? What's your favorite movie? Mine is Empire Records, have you heard of it? . Empire Records
I haven't seen that. I have seen Forgetting Sarah Marshall and that was pretty good. Can you recommend more movies like that?
I just rewatched that a few weeks ago, so funny! Did you ever see Get Him to the Greek ?
I've never seen that one. I'll have to watch it! Do you know of any others?
You definitely should! How about Knocked Up ?
I have seen that one! It was so funny!
Awesome! Have a great day! :)
Hi!
Good morning . How are you . what kind of movies do you like
I'm great! I really like the movie The Martian . Do you know any other drama movies like that one?
I think Love Actually is a good movie . Life have you seen that one
Love Actually is a good movie. I love all the different story lines. . I have never seen Life
what about The Space Between Us
I haven't seen that one either. I will have to watch it. . Thank you!
welcome
Have a good day!
bye
Greetings . How are you today?
Hello! . I am great! What kind of movies do you like?
I love the The Notebook Do you know any other movies thats similar?
I love that movie too! Have you seen A Walk to Remember ?
I haven't seen that one. What is it about? . I like The Big Sick too
It is about a girl and a boy in high school who are very different but end up falling in love The boy finds out that the girl has cancer and that devastates him.
It was a good movie
Another great movie is The Best of Me
That sounds like The Fault in Our Stars
It is very similar to it actually! I'm sure would love it!
Me too thank you . bye for now
Have a great day!
Hello
Hello there. Looking for a good movie?
How is it going
I am well, and you?
Im good thanks . I like movies LIke Inception what would you recommend
Well, there is Interstellar  and Memento by Christopher Nolan . I also think that Arrival al is a cerebral and thinking man’s film
Okay I have seen Memento . I haven't seen that one
I highly recommend it
Okay thanks I will try it out tonigh . tonight*
Great, enjoy
Hello . How are you
Hi, how are you? I'm fine thanks . What kind of movies do you like . ?
Im good thanks . I like movies like Gone Girl Need something similar to watch
No problem. Have you seen The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo?
Yes I have and I enjoyed it
Okay, great! I'd also recommend The Girl on the Train and Kiss the Girls
Okay great I saw both of them too . great movies . thanks you so much
No problem! I hope you have a great day!
Bye for now
Hello how are you? . Do you know any good comedies like Girls Trip or Pineapple Express  also Bridesmaids . I love stoner movies, like Pineapple Express  too
I'm great thanks- I've seen Pineapple Express  Express (2008) and Bridesmaids
Woops, I meant to say How High  too lol . Nice! Those are some of my favorites. . What would you recommend?
I love stoner movies too! Half Baked ? It's hilarious! . I haven't seen How High But I've heard it's funny
OMG yes! I love that movie! . Another favorite and classic!
Yes! . Dazed and Confused is another great one, with some funny and classic lines!
Also any of the Hangover  movies and recently I enjoyed Game Night . Oh nice, I'll check that one out.  It's been on my list. . Thank you !
My pleasure! Thank you!
Have a great day! . Take care.
Greetings
Hello there, how are you?
how are you today . Im great thanks
Good!
Everyone love to laugh what about a great comedy . LIke Game Night
I’m looking for a good “science movie”like The Martian . I have seen Game Night, but wasn’t a fan
Those kind of movies are so boring to me but you might like Gravity
I will have to check it out, I haven’t seen it
Who doesn't enjoy a great laugh here and there. Well maybe would be a great pick Red Planet
I will check that out too, thanks,
Hi, how are you today? . What kind of movies do you like? I recently watched Deadpool 2 it was hilarious!
I'm fine how are you?
I'm great, thanks for asking!
I did too!! I also really liked Black Panther. Got any other recommendations?
I still have to see Avengers: Infinity War but I heard its epic . Yes, Black Panther was amazing! . Have you seen any of the The Avengers  movies?
Hmm. I have not . I definitely will now! Thanks a lot!
Greetings . How are you this morning?
I'm fine and yourself?
Im great thanks . what kind of movies you like
Know any good movies starring Bill Murray?
of course let me think a second . The Ghostbusters was a old classic . or even Groundhog Day
Oh I have not seen it yet. I have always heard good things! . That one as well! . I saw Lost in Translation. Great movie!
Okay great I haven't seen that one . He is in The Jungle Book
Hmm. Oh ha I didn't think of anything animated. Nice. I have added all three to my list to watch. Thanks so much!!
bye
Have a good one!
Hi how are you?
Great how are you?
I'm fantastic! Thanks for asking!
What kinds of movies are you in the mood for?
I love comedies like Game Night and Bridesmaids  and Girls Trip . And any of the Hangover movies . Know any good movies like this out now?
Great! Have you heard of Date Night or The House ? Those are pretty funny
I've loved Date Night and haven't seen The House  but I'll be sure to check it out
Due Date is also a really funny one!
thanks for the recommendations! . Oh, I haven't seen Due Date . I'll add that to my list., . Thanks! . Have a great day!
Of course! You might check out Step Brothers  too! Have a great day!
Yes, seen and loved it!
Good afternoon . What is your favorite movie?
Hmm . My favorite movie would have to be The Revenant. I am a huge Leo fan!
Oh cool
Got any good recommendations based on that?
You should check out The Great Gatsby or True Grit
Oh cool. Have not seen either but definitely interested! . Have you seen Source Code?
Haha yeah, I love Jake . Well, enjoy your movies!
Me too. Well thanks for the recommendations!
Have a great day
You too!
Hello . how are you today
Hi there! . Fine and yourself?
Im great thank
Who is your favorite actor?
I love a good laugh can you recommend a comedy . Like Game Night
Oh okay cool. Have you seen Spy ? . That was a great comedy. Also, there's Bridesmaids
Yes, I have pretty good . I saw that one as well . great ones
Okay, let me think...
It can be any movie just a good one
What about Ted? That's a pretty silly comedy
Okay great thanks . I will check that one out
Hope you enjoy and have a good one!
Greetings . What is your favorite movie?
Hi how are you!
I'm great
My all time favorite would be Goodfellas
Oh cool, have you seen Casino or Gone Fishin' ? . Great Pesci movies
I also loved Casino  Married to the Mob . I don't think I've seen Gone Fishing  I'll have to check it out.
American Gangster is also great . Very good
I love Pesci... my most favorite would be My Cousin Vinny . Nice, I'll check it out too!
Have a great day
Thanks for the recommendations!
Hi how are you?
Hey how are you? . Good thank!
I'm fantastic! thanks! . What kind of movies do you enjoy?
I'm looking for some scary movies like Annabelle or The Conjuring . I also really liked S . Sinister lol
Oh nice!  Have you seen The Sixth Sense or The Ring
I have seen both of those! Those are exactly the kind of movie I'm looking for!
Awesome I enjoyed them both as well! . Have you seen Interview with the Vampire
I really like the Paranormal Activity movies too!
Oh nice, that is a great one too!
Yes! I saw Interview with the Vampire  a long time ago! It was good though!
Awesome! . Enjoy watching ! . Have a great day!!
Thanks for the recommendations! Have a great day!
Hi how are you?
Hi there. I am fine and yourself?
I'm great, thanks for asking. . What kind of movies do you like?  Deadpool 2  was epic! . I also would recommend Black Panther
Not really into comic based movies
Ohh, I see.
I like romantic comedies
What kind of movies do you like? . Oh nice!
Hmm. I really liked How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days
A classic would be When Harry Met Sally... . Also a fun one was Knocked Up
YES! I've been meaning to see that one. Thanks a lot!!
Another classic would be Sleepless in Seattle
Did not like Knocked Up but will check out When Harry Met Sally
I didn't really like Sleepless in New York . Alright, sounds good.  Happy viewing ! . Hope you have a great day.
Saw those two and were great! . Thank you!
You're most welcome. Bye.
Hello, how are you?
Hi, I am well. . How are you?
What kind of movies do you like? . I'm great, thanks.
I really enjoy musicals like Les Misérables
Oh nice.  One of my favorite musicals would be West Side Story
YES! I LOVED IT!
How about Chicago
I have not but will check it out . I also really enjoyed Grease
Oh and another good one would be Fiddler on the Roof . Oh yes! That's a classic!
Oh yes, will have to check that out as well! . Good job- thank you!
You're welcome. . Have a great day!
Thanks you too!
Hi how are you?
Hello . Im good and you?
I'm great- thanks! What kind of movies do you like?
I like Rachel McAdams. Do you know any good ones with her in them?
Yes! She's a great actress! A new one is Game Night . And also The Notebook and About Time are a couple of good ones she's in . Sherlock Holmes series are fun ones to watch with her in them, too! Have you seen any of those?
I saw the Notebook and loved it! But not Game Night, About Time, or Sherlock Holmes.
One of my favorite movies with her is Southpaw it's sad abut also really good
I will definitely watch them. Thanks a lot!!
awesome! You're welcome- have fun!
Will watch Southpaw as well! . Thanks you too. Bye!
Bye!
Hello, how are you? . What kind of movies do you like to see?
Hi there. I am doing well . Thank you for asking. And you?
If you're into romantic comedies I'd recommend Bridget Jones's Diary . Oh I'm well, thanks for asking.
I love that movie. How did you know?
Hehe, great minds? . Then you would likely also enjoy Pretty Woman , You've Got Mail  and Notting Hill
I've seen the other parts as well Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason and Bridget Jones's Baby. I loved all three!
There also some of my favorites! . Yes!! All great picks! . I loved them all too!
Have not seen any of those but will now. Thanks a ton!
You're welcome.  Happy watching.
Howdy
Hello . How are you doing today . I like comedy movies
I am looking for a great Hitchcock movie. Know of any? . Oh I do! . Do you prefer a decade?
like Game Night do you know anything
Dumb and Dumber is great from the 90s . I also thought Pineapple Express was really funny
I have seen that one its like a stupid funny movie
And a very popular movie was The 40-Year-Old Virgin
I haven't seen Pineapple Express
Really funny movie!
I see the last one as well . thank you . I will check it out . have a good day
Okay. Well check out Pineapple Express. I think you'll like it. . Take care!
Hello . How are you . What kind of movies do you like
Hi, I'm  great thanks for asking. . I love a good drama like Fight Club . Also American Beauty is one of my favorites and The Orphanage . Oh and I also like A Beautiful Mind  What would you recommend?
I see you have them down pack
Yes, lol I watch a lot of movies.
I havent seen none of them
Oh wow. . That's a shocker, those are all classic films
Maybe I should add them to my list
What would you recommend then? . You should. . You know any good movies like Scarface
Forrest Gump
Oh I never saw that movie, heard it was good so I'll check it out. . Thanks! . Have a great day!
Hello there. Looking for a good movie?
Hello . How are you? . Always
I am well, you?
I'm not picky . I'm fine thank you
Well, I just saw Wind River  and it’s a good mystery/ drama
Oooh. Sounds good!
I also enjoyed Avengers: Infinity War and Solo: A Star Wars Story . Straight forward action movies
Hmm. Nice! All options I have not seen but heard great things about . I did see Star Wars and really enjoyed that! . :)
For a good good comedy, I recommend Game Night . Well, hopefully you can enjoy one of those.
I'll check that out as well! . Thanks. Bye!
Hi hi
Greetings . How is it going
Fine thanks . How about you?
What kind of movies do you like . Im good thanks . May I recommend a good comedy like Game Night
Sure. . I like Melissa McCartney.
Or a thriller like Gone Girl rl very good movie
Know any other good movies she's been in?
She have a new one out Life of the Party
Oh, I saw Gone Girl-- good movie. But have not seen the other two. . I'll have to make my way to the movie theater. Have you seen Wind River? Recently heard that was good
Or another one Heat
Hmm I didn't like Heat. But will look into your other recommendations. . Thank you. Take care.
okay bye
Hello
Hi . How are you today?
How are you this afternoon
I am well and yourself?
I am fine thanks
Glad to hear it! Are you a Hitchcock fan?
Never heard of it . what is it about
I highly recommend The Birds . Oh he's a director. . He also directed the very well known Psycho
okay havent heard of him . Im looking for a comedy though . any ideas
Oh. I would also recommend Rear Window and Vertigo. Classics . I have heard Life of the Party is really good and it's out now.
super old okay way before my time lol . okay thanks for your suggestion . bye
Okay. Well, there's also Overboard. Enjoy!
I will check it out
Hi how are you?
Hi, I am fine.
Hope you're having a great day!
What about you?
I'm great, thanks for asking. . What kind of movies do you like?  I recently watched Deadpool 2 , great film . Have you seen it and if so did you like it? . If not what types of movies do you like? . You don't necessarily have to see Deadpool to see part 2 but I'd suggest it.
Hmm
Also would suggest to watch The Avengers
I haven't seen either but will definitely do it now . I saw the Avengers and it was okay. Overrated.
Nice.  After you should also check out Avengers: Infinity War . Or not... lol! . How about Black Panther I really enjoyed that one a lot.
I did like The Dark Knight . Haven't seen that one but I have been meaning to. Thanks a bunch!
Sounds good, happy viewing! . Have a great day. Bye.
Hi how are you? . Hope you are having a great day!
I am fine thank you. . How are you? . Same to you!
I love movies like Scarface  and Goodfellas . Thank you I'm fine.
Oh okay. Let me think...
Also enjoyed Casino  a lot
Have you seen Carlito's Way? . Or what about Tequila Sunrise?
Oh yes! That's a classic. I'll have to rewatch it. . Nope, never saw that one, will check it out. . Thanks!
No worries! . Hope you have an awesome day!
You too. Bye.
Hi how are you? . I'm having a fantastic day, hope you are too!
Thanks so much. I am!
So, what kind of movies do you like.  I recently watched Game Night and loved it
I love movies like Kiss the Girls . Know any?
Hmm, let me think . Oh how about Along Came a Spider  or Gone Girl . I would also suggest High Crimes
Oh wow. Very good recommendations! Saw them both and I loved them!!
Have you seen any of those? . Nice
I have not seen High Crimes but you have good taste so I definitely will now. . Thanks a lot for your help!
Hah, thanks! Enjoy! . Take care, bye.
Hello. How are you?
I am well. Thank you. . How are you?
Great? What kinds of movies are you looking for?
I love comedies from the 90s. Can you recommend any. . I really like Can't Hardly Wait
I think Happy Gilmore , Tommy Boy , and Bio-Dome Are great. . My Best Friend's Wedding is also good
Ooh. I've seen all but Tommy Boy. . I will have to check it out since your other recommendations are great! . Also saw the last one and loved it as well! . Thanks a ton. Adding it to my list now!
Hope you enjoy Tommy Boy. Have a good day
Hello, how are you?
Hello. I'm well. . And yourself?
Great, what kinds of movies are you looking for?
I'm looking for disney classics, like Aladdin to show my niece. Can you recommend any?
Recent films like Moana and Zootopia  are great . I also enjoyed Pixar’s Coco
Hmm. I have not seen any of these. . I am writing them down now! . Thanks a lot!!
Great, I hope you enjoy them
Have a good one!
Hi how are you today?
Good thanks. . How about you?
What kind of movies do you like?  I'd have to suggest Deadpool and Deadpool 2 since I just saw part 2 it was really great.
Would love to see any movie directed by Pedro Almodovar
I'm great.
Hmm. Not really what I'm looking for but they were great movies!
Hmm, I'll have to think. . Not too familiar with his work but I think Volver  and Bad Education
One of my favorite movies is Y Tu Mamá También
Have you seen any of those? . Oh, never seen that either.
Oh yes. Those were fantastic!!
Awesome!  Well I'll have to check them all out myself never seen them but do remember hearing of them
Okay. Hope you enjoy!
Thanks you too.
Hello there. . I am looking for goo science fiction movies like Arrival . Can you help?
Hi yes! . Give me one moment! . Have you seen Shut In . Or what about Life?
No, I have not . I haven’t seen life either
Okay. They might be worth checking out . Also, there is Earth to Echo
Thanks, I will jot all of them down . Thanks for the suggestions
No worries- hope you enjoy!
Hello, how are you?
Hello Hello
Looking for a good movie?
I am fine thanks. . How is your day going?
All is well, thank you
I am. I would love to see anything with Tom Cruise in it. . I saw Eyes Wide Shut and loved it!
Have you seen The Last Samurai ?
No I haven't. I heard good things though.
Or Jack Reacher ?
Adding to my list now. . That either! Wow, thank you!
Another surprising role he has is in the comedy Tropic Thunder . Hope those suggestions work for you
OH I LOVED THAT MOVIE! You just reminded me to see it again! . Thanks a lot. Great job!
Hi there
Heythere, how are you?
I'd love to see anything directed by James Cameron. I loved Titanic . Oh I'm fine thanks and yourself?
Well, I can recommend Avatar and True Lies
He directed those? . Wow. I had no idea. I've seen both and loved them!!
Yeah! He also directed The Terminator
Oh wow!! You're blowing my mind!! . I saw that as well and loved them! I will rewatch all of these. Thanks a lot! . Hope you have a good day!
Of course, enjoy!
hello how are you
Hi. I am good thanks, how are you? . Hi. How are you? Can you recommend me a movie with Reese Witherspoon? . I loved Legally Blonde
im great. I loved her in Legally Blonde Sweet Home Alabama Hot Pursuit and Sing
Wow so many great movies! Thank you! Which one did you like the most?
I liked Sing the most
I really liked Sweet Home Alabama . But I haven't seen Sing .
you should check it out . have a great day
hi
hello, how are you? . I really like movies like Hangover and Girls Trip
Im fine, ty for asking. What are you favorite movies?
What would you recommend?
good choices
I love stoner movies like Pineapple Express and Super Troopers . I can't wait for the new Super Troopers 2
i would recommend Dumb and Dumber . I love those movies as well!
OMG! That's one of my favorites too! . I will watch it again tonight! . Thanks! . Have an awesome day !
I may also recommend Superbad . Your welcome and goodbye!
Oh cool, I'll check it out. . Goodbye!
Thank you for visiting
Hi. How are you?
Hi, I'm great. . Thanks for asking. . How are you? . What kind of movies do you like?
I am awesome. Thank you. Can you please recommend me a movie to watch with my husband? . I like comedies, dramas, detectives. What about you?
Oh sure.  How about Deadpool 2 I just seen it and loved it.  You'd want to also catch Deadpool  before seeing part two. . Both movies are hilarious and his love interest makes it a little romantic.
Is Deadpool a comedy?
I love all the same genres too.
Deadpool sounds too sad
I'm sure it could fall under the Comedy category.  And its actually a movie based on a Comic Book series. . He's part of Marvel Universe . And it's packed with comedy.
Oh that's awesome ! I would definitely watch Deadpool and Deadpool 2 . Any other suggestions?
He's more of an anti-super hero actually so he doesn't always do things the right way.
Thank you for the information! What is your favorite movie?
How about Game Night for a good old comedy . My favorite all time, would be Goodfellas . Yours?
I watched Game Night ! Great choice! I loved it !
Awesome! I'm sure you'll enjoy Deadpool he's played by Ryan Reynolds.
I've never watched Goodfellas . My favorite would be a Notebook
Heh, I've never seen Notebook but goodfellas is a classic with Ray Liota! Check that out too.  Robert Dinero is in it too.
I think I should watch Goodfellas as well, since it's your favorite
Enjoy and have a great day . Haha, you can thank me now. ;) . Enjoy your viewing.
Haha Thank you )
Have a great day! . Goodbye now.
Have a good day!
Hello
Hi! How are you? . What kind of movies do you like?
I am great, ty for asking . I like movies like Dumb and Dumber and Super Troopers . I am in a bit of a comedic mood
Those are super funny! Have you seen There's Something About Mary ?
I also like movies like Fargo and The Usual Suspects . I loved There's Something About Mary . Thank you for the recommendation . Have a great night . Goodbye!
Have a good day!
Hi How are you?
Hi. I am good, thanks for asking. How about you?
I really love movies like Training Day and Lethal Weapon
Any plans for today? Should I recommend you something?
I'm great, yes... something along those line, please. . No plans for today, already completed my day for the most part.  But thanks for asking.
Sorry I am not familiar with Training Day or Lethal Weapon . What Genres those movies are? . Thriller?
Hmm, I would say action and crime and maybe suspense. . I enjoy thriller movies as well so you can recommend that too.
Well as for crime I would obviously recommend you the classic of all times The Godfather . bUT i AM PRETTY SURE YOU'VE SEEN IT
Oh no! I wasn't a fan of any of the Godfather movies, sorry. . Too long and drawn out. . I love Scarface and Goodfellas
How about Shutter Island ?
Never seen it, I'll check it out. . Thank you very much for the recommendation. . Have a great day!
I've never seen Scarface . But Shutter Island is really amazing with Leonardo Di Caprio . You should totally watch it !
Nice, will check it out.
Have a good day too )
Hello, how are you? . Hope you're having a great day.
I'm great thank you! . I like romantic comedies. Do you have any good ideas for movies?
Oh yes, so many... let me think one sec. ;) . One of my favorites is Overboard its a classic and the main characters were actually married in real life so it was fun to see them acting together.
I've never seen that but it looks good.
Notting Hill  , Pretty Woman  and How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days are great too! . I also love all of the Bridget Jones  movies . Have you seen any? . Oh, how could I forget There's Something About Mary that is another classic. . Sorry I'm rambling! lol
I have seen all three of those. They are great! I haven't seen any of the Bridget Jones  movies though!
Oh, you should check them out.  There's also classics.
I need to! Thanks for all the great movie suggestions!
you're welcome!
Have a great day!
Have a great day too!
hello
hello
I enjoy movies like There's Something About Mary and Dumb and Dumber
Those are great movies! So, you'd probably prefer a comedy recommendation?
I also enjoyed Super Troopers and Van Wilder . Yes please
How about Groundhog Day ? Bill Murray is hilarious!
That movie is great! I will watch it again. . Thank you for your help. . Have a great day and goodbye!
Thanks, you too!
Hey how are you?
hello . good ty . how are you?
I'm great! What movies are you looking for?
I like movies like Dumb and Dumber
Dumb and Dumber is a great movie! So funny! Have you seen Superbad or Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd ?
I also liked Super Troopers . I loved all those movies! . Great choices . Thanks so much for your help
Super Troopers is one of my favorites!
Have a great day and goodbye!
Happy to help! Have a great day- goodbye!
hello
How are you?
great, ty . how are you?
I'm super great! What kind of movies do you like?
I enjoy movies like Dumb and Dumber and Kingpin . I also like Van Wilder and Deadpool
Awesome! You should try Ace Ventura  or The Hitman's Bodyguard
Those are both great reccomendations. . I seen both and enjoyed them. . Thank you for your help . Have a great day and goodbye!
Of course- have a great day- bye!
Hi there!
Hello . hi
What kind of movies do you like?
I like movies like Dumb and Dumber er and Kingpin
Nice! Have you seen Ace Ventura  or Dumb and Dumber To
I also like Super Troopers . and Deadpool . I have seen both and enjoyed them very much
The Mask is a great one too!
seen that one and loved it . thanks for your help . have a great day and goodbye!
You're welcome- have a good day! Bye!
hello
Hey there! How are you? . Hey there! How are you?
I am good ty for asking
What kind of movies do you like?
you?
I'm so good!
I like movies such as Dumb and Dumber and Deadpool
Those are good ones! Have you seen Superbad or The 41-Year-Old Virgin Who Knocked Up Sarah Marshall and Felt Superbad About It those are funny!
I have seen both and enjoyed them very much . Thank you for your help . Have a great day and goodbye!
You too! Goodbye!
Hey how are ya?
hello, i am good thanks for asking . I like movies like Dumb and Dumber er and Deadpool
Those are great! Have you seen Ace Ventura  or There's Something About Mary ?
I also enjoyed Super Troopers and Ace Ventura: Pet Detective . I have seen both and enjoyed them.
Yes Man is really good too
Thanks for your help . Have a great day and goodbye!
You're welcome- have a good day- goodbye!
hello . how are you?
Hi- I'm great! and you? . What are your favorite movies/
I enjoy movies like Deadpool and Dumb and Dumber . Im good thanks for asking
Those are some good ones! Have you seen Van Wilder or Super Troopers ?
I have seen both and loved them.
The Cable Guy and Paul Blart: Mall Cop are pretty funny too
I have seen both of those as well and enjoyed them . Thanks for your help . Have a great day and goodbye!
Nice! You're welcome. Have a good day- goodbye!
Hi! How's it going?
hi . going good. how are you?
Great, thanks!
I like movies such as Dumb and Dumber and Van Wilder
Oh, good ones! What about Super Troopers or Superbad ? . The Cable Guy is great, too!
I have seen both and loved them. . I have seen that as well and like it too. . Thanks so much for your help . Have a great day and goodbye!
Thanks! Have a good one- goodbye!
Hey! How are ya?
hi, i am good . thanks for asking . how are you?
I'm great, thanks!
I enjoy movies like Dumb and Dumber and Van Wilder
Have you seen Road Trip or Bio-Dome ? . Those are both pretty funny
I have seen both and really liked them. . Thanks for the help . Have a great day and goodbye!
You're welcome! Have a good one! Goodbye!
hello
Hey there!
how are you?
Good- and you?
I am good thanks for asking
What kind of movies do you like to watch?
I enjoy movies like Dumb and Dumber and Superbad
Have you seen Bio-Dome or Van Wilder ? . Fun with Dick and Jane is pretty funny too!
I have seen both and laughed out loud at both . I have seen that as well. Great reccomendations.
Yeah- those are all super funny laugh out loud movies are the best!
thanks for your help . thanks for your help . have a great day and goodbye!
you're welcome! Have a good day. Goodbye!
Hey, hey! How are ya?
hello . I am good thanks for asking. how are you?
Great- thanks!
I enjoy movies like Deadpool and Superbad
Those are awesome! Have you seen Super Troopers or Van Wilder ? . Road Trip is pretty great too!
I have seen all 3 and loved them all . Very funny movies
Nice!
Thanks for the recommendations . Have a great day and goodbye!
You're welcome! Have a great day! . Goodbye!
hello . how are you?
Hi! I'm great! What kind of movies do you like?
I like movies similar to Dumb and Dumber and Superbad . I also like Deadpool and Fargo
Have you seen Knocked Up or This Is the End ?
I have seen both and found them both to be hilarious . I have seen those as well and loved them . Thanks for your help
The Big Lebowski is also a great movie!
I loved that one too . Thanks for all your reccomendations. You have great taste . Have a great day and goodbye!
Thank you! . Have a great day!
Hi! How are you today?
hello, good
What is your favorite movie genre?
thanks for asking . i like comedies Dumb and Dumber and Superbad . I also like Deadpool and Super Troopers
Have you seen American Pie  or Fargo ?
I have seen both and loved them . great choices . thanks for your help . have a great day and goodbye!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
hello
Hello there. How are you?
how are you? . im good thanks for asking
I’m well. Looking for a good movie?
I like movies similar to Ace Ventura: Pet Detective and Dumb and Dumber
There is a sequel to dumb and dumber. It’s called Dumb and Dumber To
I saw that. It was very funny.
How about Me, Myself & Irene
I also like Super Troopers and Deadpool
Those are good movies.
That was a funny movie too . Thanks for your help . I appreciate it . Have a great day and good bye!
Sure. Have a great day. Bye now
Hi! What kind of movies do you like?
hello . i like the movies Dumb and Dumber and Superbad
have you seen This Is the End
I have not seen it and appreciate the suggestion . I also like Deadpool and Pulp Fiction
Those are fabulous! Did you like Fight Club ?
I did like that movie. . classic must watch . Thanks for the help . I appreciate you . Have a great day and good bye!
bye!
hello . how are you?
Hi. What kind of movies do you like?
i like movies similar to Dumb and Dumber and Superbad
hmmm...let's see what I can recommend. Have you seen Hot Tub Time Machine ?
I have and loved it . I also liked Office Space
Easy A is simllar and very good
I have never seen it and will check it out
You might also like The 40-Year-Old Virgin
I have seen it and thought it was hilarious . Thanks for your help . Have a great day and goodbye!
bye!
Hello
hi
how are you . how are you
how are you? . im good thanks . I enjoyed Dumb and Dumber and Superbad
I am fine thanks . I saw those as well. Have you seen Game Night
I have not but it looks cool . I also like Deadpool and Iron Man
Did you see the new Deadpool 2
I have not but am looking forward to seeing it . Thanks for your help . I appreciate it
okay bye . welcome
Have a great day and good bye!
Hello . how is it going
Hello there, how are you? . I am well
What kind of movies you like . I am great thanks
I’m looking for a good sci-fi movie, like Guardians of the Galaxy
Okay have you seen the new The Avengers
Not yet, but I want to
Real good movie.  What about Thor
Did see that, and I liked it
Yes very good movie . I want to see the new Ant-Man and the Wasp
me too. . Well thanks for the recommendations
np . bye
hello
Hello, how are you?
how are you? . Im good thanks
I’m well, thanks.
i liked Dumb and Dumber and Superbad
Can I recommend This Is the End ? . Kick-Ass is another good one
I have not seen the first one and shall check it out . the second one i saw and loved it . Thanks so much for your help
Of course. Bye now
Have a great day . Goodbye!
hello . how are you? . What are some of your favorite movies?
Hello, how are you?l
I am well, thanks for asking
I really like Star Wars
may i reccomend Stargate . or maybe District 9
I haven’t seen either of those, but I will check them out. Thanks
my pleasure . thanks for visiting . before i go make sure to check out Deadpool 2
Did they ever make follow up episodes to Star Wars?
I really like that one.
Ah, cool, thanks.
Yes, han solo is out now
Great
Good afternoon
hello . how are you today? . May I ask if you have seen Deadpool 2 ?
Yes I have. It was such a great movie. More comedy than action though
What kind of movie are you in the mood for today?
I want a nice action movie
may I recommend some classics such as Die Hard and Predator
I love Predator
or how about Drive or The Transporter
Haven't seen Die Hard but heard it's good
I would highly recommend Die Hard
I've seen the transporter but Drive sounds good too . Thank you for these
Im glad to have helped
I will check them out soon
have a great day and good bye!
Bye
hello
Hi
May I ask if you have seen Deadpool 2 ? . maybe you feel like an action movie today? Die Hard or The Transporter
Yes I have actually. Can you suggest any other action comedies? I love Rush Hour
Great flick!
Transporter was a good one I will check out Die hard too
may I reccomend Hot Fuzz or Tropic Thunder
Wow I will definitely rewatch both of these . Thank you so much
My pleasure . thanks for stopping by . have a great day and goodbye!
You too
hello . how are you?
Hi. Good.
I enjoy movies like Dumb and Dumber and Superbad . I also really liked Demolition Man and The Usual Suspects
Have you seen Horrible Bosses
I have and loved it . I also like Superbad . oh i already said that. I must really love that movie, haha! . Thanks for your help . I appreciate you
you're welcome
have a great day and good bye!
Hello, how are you?
Hi . I am good
Looking for any good movie in particular?
I am looking for a nice comedy movie . I love Blades of Glory
Well, other good movies like that include Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby
Love Will Ferrell movies . So I've seen Ricky Bobby
You may also enjoy Semi-Pro and Step Brothers
Thank you for these
Of course. Happy watching
I will  watch Step Brothers . Thank you . bye
Good day to you!
thanks and to you too . i liked Dumb and Dumber and Superbad . I also enjoyed The Terminator and Terminator 2: Judgment Day
Okay, I think I have some suggestions. Some goofy - and very good - comedies you might like are Horrible Bosses and Super Troopers
those are 2 great choices.
Thanks!
I have seen both and enjoyed them . Thanks so much for your help . Have a great day and goodbye!
And for action-y Sci-Fi, you might like the classics Alien and Aliens
I loved that too . You have excellent taste
Thanks! have a great day!
Hello there, how are you?
Hi I am good . Had a long day . Looking for a movie to relax and enjoy . What are some of your favorite go to movies
I like comedies to relax with
What are some good comedies you watch?
Favorites include Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby  and Anchorman
Oh those bring back good memories . I can watch those again . How about a few more?
There is cult classic Napoleon Dynamite and Happy Gilmore
I love Adam Sandler movies
He has a bunch, Little Nicky also comes to mind . I hope you enjoy them . I hope you enjoy them
Thank you
hello
Hi, how are you?
im in the mood for a movie like Dumb and Dumber and Superbad . I also enjoyed Van Wilder and Super Troopers
Well, similar movies include The Interview and The Disaster Artist
I have not seen both and will check them out . Thanks for the recommendations
They are funny. Enjoy them
I look forward to watching these. . Have a great day and good bye!
Hello
Hey. Seen any good movies lately?
Just saw Solo: A Star Wars Story
Was it as good as Black Panther
Hell no . It was pretty boring compared to that. Wasn't as good as Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi and that sucked too
If you're into Marvel, Ant-Man and the Wasp will be out soon
True.
Hope you find something you like. Have a great evening.
You too
hello
Hello there . How are you?
I am good thanks for asking. . How are you? . What kind of movies do you feel like watching today? . May I ask if you have seen Deadpool 2 ?
I’m well, I’m looking for some funny movies like Superbad or Kick-Ass . I haven’t, but I want to
May I reccommend Super Troopers and Van Wilder . or maybe try Ace Ventura: Pet Detective
You may, thanks, I will check them out.
Thanks for stopping by
Bye now
Have a great day and goodbye!
Hello, what can you recommend for action movies?
Deadpool 2 just came out. My brother really liked it.
I have not seen Deadpool 2 yet, not sure if I want to see it.
Too cheesy?
kinda, it seems. What about something along the lines of Bad Boys
There's The 15-17 to Paris . Clint Eastwood directed it
I have not seen The 15-17 to Paris but I am really interested in it!, thanks for the suggestion. . What do you have in mind for a comedy?
Ocean's 8 Sandra Bullock is always hilarious
Oh i've heard of Ocean's 8 I haven't seen it yet, but I would like too.
It'll be out in a couple of week. I'm going to check it out. Hope you like it.
thanks, I'm sure I will. . one more genre what's a good movie for kids
Moana It's great. And visually it was just stunning
Moana was really good, and the soundtrack is amazing as well! Thank you for all these suggestions. I have some new ones to watch now.
Great. Have fun!
Hello. How are you?
I am quite fine
Looking for some good movies?
Yes please . Want a nice romantic comedy . Like Along Came Polly
I can recommend Pretty Woman
Classic . I love that
Also Bridget Jones's Diary . Or A Lot like Love
I have seen Bridget Jones but never a lot like love . I will have to it look it uo . Thank you for the suggestion
Enjoy it
hello
hello
i am in the mood for something like Superbad and Ace Ventura: Pet Detective
what kind of movies do you like? . Office Space is pretty funny
I also enjoyed Fargo and Drive . Office Space was hilarious . can you recommend one more please?
Airplane! try that one
Oh wow! that one is a classic! great pick . loved that movie . Thanks so much . I appreciate you
I have never seen Fargo or Drive . and i appreciate you.
They are both great . Have a good day and good bye!
I'm going to have to look them up now, goodbye!
Hello, how’s it going?
Great. Glad to be home. Going to watch Mudbound  on Netflix
Any good recommendations for action movies? . I haven’t seen mudbound
Action? Mad Max: Fury Road Do you like the franchise?
I haven’t seen that, but want to . Any others? I’m not picky
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 . It's a little silly for my tastes, but I know people who like it.
I’ll have to check it out, thanks.
And John Wick: Chapter 2 . I just saw the first on on TV and can't wait to see the next one
I have seen that, and it’s quite good . Thanks for the suggestions. . Bye for now
You're welcome
Hello
Hi . What's your favorite movie?
Just finished watching Cargo . can you rec any other good zombie movies
Can't think of any. Did you see It It's horror I think
I loved that one
Oh, there's 28 Days Later. I watched part of it. Couldn't sleep for 2 days.
Lol that movie was pretty soft compared to Dawn of the Dead . But I loved both of them . Thank you for these
hope you like them
Bye
Hello. How are you?
hello, good and you?
Great. Thanks. Looking for any good movies?
I am in the mood for something similar to Dumb and Dumber and Superbad
Hmm. Have you seen Easy A or Pineapple Express ?
have not seen Easy A but loved Pineapple Express . Thanks for the recommendations . I will check out Easy A
Sure, hope you enjoy it
Have a great day
Bye for now
goodbye!
hello
Hi there. How are you? . What kind of movies do you like?
I am in the mood for something similar to Zombieland and Office Space . I also like Dumb and Dumber and Fargo
How about Horrible Bosses  and Clerks
I have seen both and really laughed out loud . good choices . Thanks for your help
Haha thanks! . You're most welcome
have a great day and good bye!
You too. Have a great day. . Bye.
Hi how are you? . Hope you're having a great day.
hello i am, thanks for asking
What movie genre do you enjoy?
i hope you are doing well today
you're welcome.
I am in the mood for something like Dumb and Dumber or Fargo
Heh, how about Clerks  and Clerks II
I have seen both and loved them . good choices
There's also Idiocracy which was hilarious too . Have you seen that one?
I agree. I have seen it and loved it . Thanks for all your help . Have a great day and good bye!
You're welcome. You too!
Hello. How are you?
hello . i am good thanks for asking . may i recommend Deadpool 2 . It is out in theaters right now and is very funny
I love a good stoner movie like Pineapple Express  and Super Troopers . I saw it last night actually it was epic!
Great films!
Also... I enjoyed How High do you know any others like it
May I recommend you try Van Wilder or Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle
Yes you may!  I loved them and will watch them again thanks to  you!
I also enjoyed How High . Thanks for visiting
Awesome, thanks for your help.
have a great day and good bye!
Have a great day too, good bye.
hello . what kind of movie are you in the mood for?
Hmm, let me think
May I reccomend Deadpool 2
I just saw it, it was great! Love the humor and action scenes ... however some parts I could have actually done without.
or maybe Van Wilder or Dumb and Dumber
Actually, not in the mood for that right now.
I also enjoyed The Usual Suspects . for a good story
More like Bridesmaids or Girls Trip . Yes, I love that movie!
Thanks for stopping by . Have a great day and good bye!
You too. thanks for your time. . Have a great day, goodbye.
Hi how are you?
Hey there, can I recommend a movie for you? What are your favorites?
I love movies like Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind . And Vanilla Sky  was one of my favorites. . Guess i like mind twisters.
Oh, that one has Robin Williams in it.
Know of any good ones?
Let me think here..
Umm, not that I can recall. . Jim Carrey was in Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
Oh, yes, I remember now.
And Tom Cruise (pre-crazy) starred in Vanilla Sky . lol
True. I'm sure you've seen Matrix right?
Yep, and surprisingly not a favorite of mine.  I do love the concept but wasn't a huge fan.
Yes, my parents somehow thought it was a parallel for Christianity.
But The Matrix  was okay overall. . Well that's an interesting take on it. . I also liked A Beautiful Mind as well as The Usual Suspects . Well thanks for the chat. . Have a great day. Goodbye
Oh! I loved A Beautiful Mind! . You too. : )
Hi how are you?
Hey there. I love fantasy movies. Could I recommend one?
Absolutely, I love fantasy too!
I recommend The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey . I also liked the The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
Oh, umm. I am not a Harry Potter   fan I've seen a few of the first ones but weren't really my thing. . I'm more into superhero movies like Avenger or Deadpool . and I've recently seen and loved Deadpool 2 . Have you seen any of those movies? . If so did you enjoy them? . Also, Black Panther  was amazing too
I have seen a few of them, but I'm not really a superhero movies fan. : )
lol. Well thanks for the recommendations anyhow. ;) . Hope you have a great day. . Goodbye.
Have a good one too!
Hello. How are you?
Hey there, I'm looking for a good thriller movie. Do you know any good ones?
Have you seen A Quiet Place ?
I haven't seen that one, actually.
Or Death Wish  ?
I loved Rear Window
Some classics include Seven and Shutter Island . Haven’t seen Rear Window, perhaps I’ll check it out
I've heard of Shutter Island . I don't think I've seen that or Seven , though.
Well, hopefully you can get them and watch them. They are quite good
Thank you so much!
Hey there, I'm looking for some good animated film recommendations. Have you seen any in the past year?
Hi there. How are you?
I'm doing well.
Coco  was a great movie
I've seen that one! It was awesome. . One of my faves is Frozen
I also really enjoyed Moana and Zootopia
I think my fave of all time has to be Disney's original Beauty and the Beast the
Hopefully you can take the time to watch those, they are great.
I've seen both of those, too, and loved them. . Thank you for the ideas! ttyl
Bye
Hello, how are ou?
Hi how are you? . I'm great thank you!
I am well, looking for a good movie?
Yes I am... . I love Leonardo Dicaprio movies like The Basketball Diaries . Also The Good Son  I believe that was with him and Robert Dinero
Have you seen Inception ?
I think he can do no wrong lol
Have you seen Inception
Also really enjoyed The Wolf of Wall Street . Omg yes! I love that movie!
Or his award winning The Revenant ?
I also like movies with Brad Pitt like Fight Club . Oh my, I don't believe I have... I must watch it tho! . Thanks for the tip will watch it tonight
Enjoy it, he’s a different character in it . Bye for now
Hello, how are you today?
hello . i am in the mood for something like Dumb and Dumber or Superbad
What kind of movies do you enjoy? . Oh nice! . How about Pineapple Express . Have you seen it?
I loved that movie . I also like Dazed and Confused
Nice. that was a classic! . How High is another one of my favorites I love and recommend . Did you see Dumb and Dumber ?
I saw both and loved them
If so, did you like it?
Thanks for the suggestions . I appreciate you
Anytime.  You're most welcome.
Have a great day and good bye!
You too, take care.
hello there . I hope you are well
hello
I have some movies to recommend to you!
yea i am thanks
I hope you are in the mood to watch movies
I would love to hear them . Yes i am
here is one I suggest Waterboys so you can get a good laugh
That was a great one
another one is Fun with Dick and Jane so you can laugh hard
That was hilarious . good mention
Also if you have kids you can watch Moana . That's a great one. . Another one is Frozen , I'm sure you will love it.
I have seen both and loved them
Do you like horror? If so, you can watch It
You have excellent taste . I have seen it and enjoyed it very much . Thanks for your help . Have a great day and good bye!
bye
hello
hi . what kind of movies do you like?
i like movies such as Dumb and Dumber and Superbad
Great picks!  Have you seen Game Night ? Or Old School ?
I have seen both and loved them . I will watch them both again . nks so much for your help . Have a great day and good bye!
No problem.  Check out Stuck on You  as well . thanks you too!
Hi there. How are you?
I am well, how are you?  I am looking for some movie recommendations.
Any specific genre?
I love a little bit of everything, though horror will always be a favorite of mine.
Have you seen A Quiet Place ?
No I have not seen that one yet, but it looks very good.
Night of the Living Dead is also a classic
One of the last new movies I saw in theaters was Despicable Me 3 .
The Silence of the Lambs is another movie that is a classic horror story.
Oh I have seen Night of the Living Dead .  I also love A Nightmare on Elm Street . . Oh I have seen Night of the Living Dead .  I also love A Nightmare on Elm Street . . The Silence of the Lambs is great! I've seen the movie and read all of those books.
Well, I hope you’re inspired to take in one of these films
For sure, thank you.  Good Bye.
hello! . what are your favorite films?
hello . i enjoyed Superbad and Ace Ventura: Pet Detective
Have you seen Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls ?  Or even The Truman Show ? . Both great Jim Carrey films
I have seen both and loved them
Knocked Up was written by the same people as Superbad and is very good too!
Great choices . I have seen that as well and give it a thumbs up . Thanks for your help
There's always Pineapple Express too!  I helped! . have a good night!
I loved that movie too . good bye!
Hello there! . What types of stuff are you into?
I like a bit of everything, I love movies like Tommy Boy
Have you seen Black Sheep ?!
Yes I have that one is awesome too.
Beverly Hills Ninja is wonderful too!
Yes that's the one I always forget about. . Those are all really great movies.
Shrek is interesting to watch when you think that originally it was supposed to be Chris Farley . He was fun in Billy Madison as well
Oh that is crazy to think about how different he could have made that movie.
There's rough footage out there somwhere apparently
I love Billy Madison
Well hopefully I helped!  Also Happy Gilmore !  Have a great night!
You too thank you and good bye.
Hello there I hear you are looking for movies to watch? . Do you have a genre in mind?
hi . i enjoy movies like Superbad and Dumb and Dumber
Have you ever seen The Wedding Singer ?
yes, I loved that movie . Adam Sandler in his prime
I always thought that was a funny movie.  Or what about The 40-Year-Old Virgin ?
That movie was hilarious . good choices . Thanks so much for the recommendations . I shall watch them again . Have a great day and good bye!
You're welcome have a great night, good bye.
Did you know they are doing a remake of Mary Poppins with Lin Manuel Miranda cast as Burt?
I did not but that sounds great!  I love Lin and I'm a musical fan. I really liked Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog and Newsies . Hamilton is pretty wonderful
You might like La La Land. The choreography is great.
I've heard but haven't seen it yet. . I like Emma Stone . Zombieland and Easy A were giid . good*
I liked her in The Help
Haven't seen that yet . Well I appreciate the suggestions.  Thank you!
YW
hi
Hello can you recommend movies for someone who grew up with A Nightmare on Elm Street ?
i hope you like comedies because i would like to recommend Dumb and Dumber and The Big Lebowski . horror films . good choice . how about try Halloween or It
I have seen both of those movies and I love them both.
awesome, glad to hear that
Oh those are some good horror flicks too.
one more would be Friday the 13th
I will definitely have to watch the Halloween  again.
Thanks for visiting . Have a great day and good bye!
Oh that sounds good just watch some classic horror movies.  Thank you and good bye.
hi
Hello . I am open to all movie types.  What would you suggest?
may i recommend Deadpool 2 or The Usual Suspects . or maybe some horror such as Friday the 13th or A Nightmare on Elm Street
I have not seen either of these movies yet.  I will have to check them both out.
I am glad to have helped
I have seen both of those though.
Thanks for visiting . Have a great night and good bye!
I love watching my old horror movies. . Yes you have a great night as well. . Thank you good bye.
hello
Hello I would like some recommendations.
have you seen Superbad or Office Space ?
Yes I have seen both.
Or maybe some action like Die Hard or Predator
Those are two very funny movies. . Oh those are two great movies too.
I am happy to have helped
A bit more excitement in those movies though.
Thanks for visiting . Have a great day and good bye!
Yes thank you very much.  Have great night and good bye.
Hello!
hello . I would like to recommend some of my favorite movies
Please do . I'm open to all types
such as Deadpool and Office Space
both absolutely wonderful
Or some classic horror such as Halloween and It
I like both of those as well. . I also enjoy comedy horror like Tucker & Dale vs. Evil
I have not seen that yet but I will put it on my to watch list . Thanks for the help . and thanks for stopping by . Have a great day and good bye!
You as well!
hello . i am in the mood to watch movies
Hi What kind of movies are you into
anything you would like to recommend? . I am open to any genres today
Have you ever seen Uncle Buck ? . It is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen.
I have not. I shall write that down on my list . I enjoyed Superbad and Office Space
Also along those lines of Billy Madison or The Wedding Singer
I thought they were funny . I have seen both and loved them.
Oh those are two great movies too
Thanks for your help . I appreciate you
Well that sounds great thank you, good bye.
Have a great day and good bye!
hi
I would like to recommend to you the movie Donnie Darko .  Have you ever seen this movie?
I have.  I liked it and I am a Jake Gyllenhal fan
Oh cool.
I really liked him in October Sky
Oh I think I have seen that one.  I remember when he was in Bubble Boy .
Apparently he is going to be in the sequel to Spider-Man: Homecoming . oh man, Bubble Boy takes me back
Oh that sounds like one I will have to check out. . Well I think I will have to be looking into some movies myself now.
I think you inspired me to rewatch Donnie Darko, I forgot all about it! . Thanks!
Thank you.  Have a great night and good bye.
hello
Hello there.  Do you have a genre in mind?
I want to see something like Dumb and Dumber and Zombieland
Oh yes I haven't seen Zombieland . in forever . I really enjoyed that movie a lot.
I enjoyed them both
Makes me think of Woody Harrelson and White Men Can't Jump
oh wow, havent seen that in ages . good choice . Thanks for the recommendation . I appreciate the help
It is a total classic
Have a great day and good bye!
Thank you.  you too good bye.
i also like Ace Ventura: Pet Detective
Love Jim Carrey
Hello
hey
Have you ever seen The Last House on the Left or the remake The Last House on the Left ?
I've seen both and enjoyed them . i also enjoyed It Follows
I don't think I have seen that one. . I did really like The Forest though.
I think I have heard of that but not seen it
You will have to check it out
what is it like?
It's scary.  And it totally gets inside your head. . A psychological thriller.
I could enjoy that!  Thanks for the suggestion! . Well have a great night!
Thank you.  Have a great night and good bye.
hey! . what kind of films do you enjoy?
hello . I enjoy films like Ace Ventura: Pet Detective and Superbad . I also enjoy The Usual Suspects
All pretty great! . Have you seen American Beauty ?
I have and loved it
Great Kevin Spacey film
The guys dad was such a trip
Vanilla Sky is another mind bender! . All of American Beauty was a trip haha
Thanks for that recommendation, i'll have to rewatch both of those
I never looked at roses the same
I enjoyed the recommendations
No problemo!  Have a great night!
I appreciate your help . have a great night and good bye!
hello
hello . I really like romantic comedies. Know of any good ones? . I liked 50 First Dates
May I recommend Waiting to Exhale and 50 First Dates . oh nice . good choices
do you know of any more recent ones?
how about The Wedding Singer ? . sure how about The Big Sick or My Big Fat Greek Wedding
The Wedding Singer is good too. . I haven't seen The Big Sick . I will have to check that out. . Thanks!
My pleasure . Thanks for stopping by
Have a good day
Have a great day and good bye!
hello
Hi! . I like A Goofy Movie . Really any Disney
may i suggest some rom coms such as The Wedding Singer . ok, great choices!
Loved it! . Steve Buscemi is A+ #1
May I recommend Toy Story and WALL-E . haha, i agree . I love him and his messed up grill . so iconic that homely face of his, haha!
Both wonderful.  Wall-E got me emotional in ways I don't understand. . His face is just fantastically odd. . It's somehow sharp and curved at the same time
Haha! . Thanks for visiting
You too!
Have a great day and good bye!
hello . what kind of movies do you like? maybe i can help
hello . I liked Dumb and Dumber and Sin City . I am in the mood for any movie really
Did you see Sin City: A Dame to Kill For ? . Or The Spirit ? . It has that same comic/noir feel
I have watched both and loved them
Sounds like you've got a decent taste in films! . Well I hope you have a great evening!
s also similar to Watchmen
Love it!
you too and good bye!
HBO series for Watchmen soon too!
Hello
hi
Have you seen A Quiet Place ?
i am in the mood for something like Ace Ventura: Pet Detective or Superbad . I have not seen it yet but will have to . I have heard good things about it
It's interesting.  Along those lines I would suggest Stuck on You
I havent seen that yet . I will have to add it to my must watch list . Thanks for your help
or even Me, Myself & Irene
I have seen that and loved it
No problem.  Have a good evening!
Great recommendations friend . Thanks and have a great day, good bye!
hello
hello
what kind of films are youin the mood for&gt; . ?
i like Zombieland and Super Troopers
Oh!  Both great! . Have you seen Beerfest ? . Or Super Troopers 2 ?
I have and I loved it
They're actually making a Zombieland 2!
I have not seen Super Troopers 2 but will watch it soon . That's cool . I can't wait to check it out . Thanks for all your help . Have a great day
It's pretty good.  Well have a great night!  Thanks for chatting
Good Bye!
Hi there!
Hello I am thinking of doing a movie night with friends.  What would you recommend?
For friends night I always like a good mystery so we can solve it together . Murder on the Orient Express is good . Scream is always a classic
I have not seen this one but it looks really interesting. . That one I have seen before
What kind of films were you looking to have for your friends night as far as genre?
What about a good comedy for the end?
The Martian is a wonderful choice too . Game Night is new a funny! . and*
I haven't seen either of those movies too.  I definitely have some movies to look in to.
Well good!  Hopefully your friends evening is a success!  Have a great night!
You have a great night as well.  Thank you and good bye.
hi
Hello there.  I am here to recommend some movies to you. . Have you ever seen Eagle Eye ?
i enjoyed Pulp Fiction and Wells Fargo . I have not. . I shall check it out . anything similar to that?
Oh those are two great movies for sure . Well if you like pulp fiction I think you would enjoy Sin City .
I do love that movie . both of them . Thanks for the help . I appreciate you . have a great day and good bye!
Thank you. . You have a good one too.  Good bye.
Hello there.
Hi!
I just watched one of my favorite movies with my dad today, have you seen it, What About Bob%3F ?
I really enjoy that film . I'm a big Bill Murray fan
It is always a great one to watch.
Really enjoyed Where the Buffalo Roam
Bill murray is great.  How do you like the Ghostbusters  movies?
They are some of my favorites . Scrooged is golden too
I don't think I have ever seen Where the Buffalo Roam . I have seen Scrooged though.
Where the Buffalo Roam is Murray as writer Hunter S Thompson
I am going to have to check that out.
I think you inspired me to rewatch What About Bob actually! Thank you!
Thank you.  I hope you have a great night.
hello
Hello there.  How do you feel about action movies?
I enjoyed The Hateful Eight and Kill Bill
Have you see The Dark Knight ?
I have and loved it . Great movie
Oh I have seen Kill Bill  but not the other.
I highly recommend it
I watched a few movies today
I am a movie lover
How about Suicide Squad ?
I have seen that as well and enjoyed it . Thanks for the help
I think I would be qualified as a movie lover as well.
Have a great day and good bye!
Thank you and good bye. . I appreciate you
Hi there
Hey! . I just watched Clerks and Chasing Amy so I'm in a comedy mood
Oh nice . I loved those movies. Let me see... . Have you seen Mallrats?
Kevin Smith is a genius
I also personally enjoyed Dogma.
I have and loved it . actually just visited that mall! . Dogma might be my favorite
Oh that's cool. Same here!
Well I might just make it a Kevin Smith trilogy tonight.  Thank you!
Well there's always Clerks II! . :) . No problem! Enjoy!
Loved 2! Bummed 3 isn't happening now
hello
Hello hello . How are you tonight
I am fine, ty for asking . May I reccomend some comedies such as Kingpin or Superbad ? . or if you are in an action mood Die Hard and Predator
Oh those are interesting recommendations. I haven't seen them except for Superbad which I wasn't crazy about. . Are Die Hard and Predator like The Terminator? I loved that movie!
Yes they are very similar and action packed
Okay, great! Thanks a ton!
Primo action flicks . my pleasure . Thanks for stopping by . have a great day and good bye!
Have a good night!
sorry about the spam, computer must be messing up
No worries! Night!
Hi . Can you recommend some movies for me to watch? . I've recently watched Up again and have always loved that movie.
I can! . What style do you like?
Everything!
Up is great! . Have you seen WALL-E ?
Yes I love that one too.
Or Ratatouille ?
Oh my god that is one of my all time favorites. . That little rat is just such a great little chef.
Oh!  Me too! . I still don't want to eat there, but the story warms my heart
Ha ha! yes it is quite adorable!
Did you see The Good Dinosaur ?
That one I never did watch. . Sounds like I am going to have to finally check it out.
It's not bad for a rainy day . It's not the top of any lists, but it's worth watching haha . I know I'm really selling it
Well that sounds great.  Thank you
No problem. Have a great evening!
Well you have a great night.
hello
Hello Hello
I would like to recommend some classic action films like Die Hard and Predator
Do you know any movies similar to The Matrix ? I loved the trilogy!
great series!
I haven't seen either of those but have heard great things! . Got anything with Keanu Reeves?
May I recommend John Wick or Speed
Oooh Speed was frickin awesome! Haven't seen John Wick.
For something like the matrix i would suggest Ghost in the Shell  shell
I will add those three to my list . Nice! Thanks a lot- you're super knowledgeable!
Thanks for visiting . Have a great day and good bye!
Thanks you too!
Hello there
Howdy . How are you?
I'm great, how are you?
fine thanks
What kind of movies are you looking for?
Do you know any movies similar to A Walk to Remember?
I don't think I have ever watched that movie. . I'm not even sure what it's about. . Have you ever seen Eagle Eye ?
It's a sort of coming of age romance . Yes. I didn't like it. Not looking for that at all!
Ok well I can think of something else.
Thank you
Not necessarily romantic, have you seen Love Stinks ?
No I haven't. Sounds good though! :) . Can you recommend another
It is hilarious.
Okay cool! Will check it out
I can totally have you seen True Lies ?
Yes! FRICKIN LOVED IT! . Will definitely watch Love Stinks. Thanks a lot!
Me too, a great movie. . Thank you, good bye.
Hope you have a good one!
Hi there
Hello
How are you today?
I am well. Yourself?
Fine thanks. What kind of movies do you like?
Well I enjoyed The Faculty . and Arthur . Get Him to the Greek was also fun
Hmm. Let me think! . Have you seen Disturbing Behavior? . Have you seen Disturbing Behavior? . Or Scream?
All of the above! . Any enjoyed them . I haven't though about Disturbing Behavior for years!
It's great. There's also Teaching Mrs. Tingle
Holy cow!  Now that's a golden reference! . Thank you for the walk down memory lane, I'm gonna have to rewatch some of these
Awesome! Enjoy! . :)
hello
Hello is there anything in particular you are looking for?
i liked Dumb and Dumber and Office Space . anything would be fine
Those are both really great movies. . Have you ever seen the movie Uncle Buck ?
I have not seen that yet but will check it out
I think that is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen.
How about one more for my list?
How about Porky's ?
oh yea! . thats a classic
I think it is one of the oldest movies I have ever seen.
super cheesy B rated hilarity . I loved it . Thanks for your help . Have a great day and good bye!
thank you and good bye.
Hello!
Hey
How are you tonight?
I am thinking of a movie that not a whole lot of people have seen. . I will ask you about it.  Have you ever seen The Human Centipede ?
No I haven't
It is one of the most disgusting things that I have ever seen in my entire life.
I'd be interested in something like that or American Psycho
I believe it ended up with some weird cult following, that one I don;t recommend!
Hmm I enjoyed it!
I like American Psycho . I also like The Forest have you seen this one?
No I haven't . Sounds interesting
It is quite interesting, gets inside your head. . Trying to think of other psychological thrillers that I have enjoyed.
Hmm I also liked the original Psycho . Did you see that?
Yes I have. . I always loved that movie. . I hope I helped some.
Cool. Well I will check out Human Centipede and the Forest. Thank you!
Hello there
Hi hi . How are you? . I am in the mood for something like The Crow. Can you recommend anything similar?
I'm well thanks!  Oh man well that rules out my first suggestion of Air Bud . maybe Donnie Darko . or possibly even Desperado
Ooh didn't see Air Bud and not too interested. . Donnie Darko was great but haven't seen Desperado.
Spawn is good for a dark hero flick too
Will definitely check it out now
I was only kidding about Air Bud
Haven't seen that either but sounds good! . Haha. Good one! Thanks a lot!
No problem, have a  great night
Hello. . How are you?
Hello . I am great how are you tonight?
What kind of movies do you typically enjoy?
I like everything.
I'm fine. Thanks for asking!
I recently watched Finding Nemo again but I still haven't watched Finding Dory even though I really want to.
Hmm okay. Have you seen Monsters, Inc.? . Or what about Despicable Me? . Or what about Despicable Me?
Oh my god I love both of those movies. . I have a soft spot for children's movies for sure.
Aw okay. Maybe Toy Story? It's a classic!
Oh yes that is another one that I have always loved. . I'm going to have to have a movie marathon now. . Thank you so much.
Darn okay. Well I hope you re-enjoy! :) . Take care!
Hi
Hi! . How are you?!
I'm doing great, yourself?
What type of movies you like ?! . I’m good :) thanks for asking
Well I like The Addams Family and Die Hard . Have you seen A Quiet Place ?
Ahhh! The Addams family is a classic! No I haven’t is it pretty good?! . Have you seen The Commuter ?!
Quiet Place is great.  Haven't seen that but I like Liam Neeson so I planned on it! . How was it?
Great I loved it !! You should totally watch it ! . Have you seen Inception
I have!  I love Nolan movies. . Gangs of New York is another great Leo flick too!
Me too ! I wanna watch it again
Well I hope you have a great night!  Thanks for the suggestions!
Oh yess! That was awesome . You too bye
Hi
Hello how are you? . I am looking for a movie similar to Juno. Can you recommend a few options?
The Perks of Being a Wallflower  is pretty good . Have you watched Love, Simon
I saw the first one but not second . I will look into it. Thank you. . Know maybe one more?
Real Women Have Curves is a pretty great movie
Haven't see that either. Sounds good though! . Thanks a lot!
Your welcome
hello
Hello.
Let me start by recommending some timeless classics such as Casablanca and Citizen Kane
Know any movies like Shakespeare in Love?
great choice
Thank you . Know any?
may I suggest Anonymous or Elizabeth
I saw both of your recommendations btw and they are fantastic movies! . Haven't heard of those two. Will definitely check them out! . Thanks a lot!!
my pleasure . thanks for visiting . have a great day and good bye!
Thanks you too!
Wassup mate?
Hi. How are you? I would like to watch a musical movie. I liked Mamma Mia! . Can you recommend me something like this&gt; . Did you watch it?
I heard good things about The Greatest Showman . I saw Mama Mia just for the songs, it was pretty good . Oh my god I love Hairspray  and who can forget Grease
I watched The Greatest Showman . I don't know why but I didn't really like it . Grease is classic ! Loved it ! Definitely worth watching. I have  never watched  Hairspray . I think I'll go woth this one
Great! Have a good night
Any other suggestions?
try High School Musical 3: Senior Year
Thank you! I am so exited to watch both of them High School Musical 3: Senior Year  and Hairspray . Thanks for the suggestion. Have a good day
I am so happy . Have a great night
Hi there. . Looking for any movie recommendations?
hello . I am
What do you tend to like?
something along the lines of How High or Friday . something funny
Oh okay. . Have you seen Barbershop ?
I have and loved it
Or maybe First Sunday?
I also liked that movie as well . Thanks for your help . I appreciate you
No worries! Take care!
have a great night and good bye!
Howdy
Hello
How are you?
I am feeling pretty good . I like Animated movies like Frozen what are your fav type of movies
I would love to see a movie like Pretty Woman. Know any that are similar? . I do not like animated films
Well we all have our favorite genres. Pretty Woman was a good one. If you are in it for Julia Roberts you can try Runaway Bride
I saw it and it was great!
If you like hookers with a heart of a gold The Hangover
Know any others? I am a fan of hers actually
I liked Notting Hill
Hahaha two more great suggestions! . You are awesome! Take care.
You are most welcome . Happy watching
thank you
hello
Hey there . How are you today?
may i suggest some timeless classics such as Gone with the Wind or Casablanca . I am fine, ty for asking . How are you?
I'm fine thanks. Actually I saw both and love them but in the mood for something more along the lines of The Terminator . Or maybe Rocky
Great choices . May I suggest Predator or Die Hard
I've seen them both and loved them! Maybe will rewatch . Thanks so much for your time!
My pleasure . Thanks for stopping by . Have a great day and good bye!
Hi! How are you? . What kind of movies do you like?
Hmm I like zombie movies like 28 Days Later
Have you seen I Am Legend or World War Z  ? . Those are both great zombie movies!
I saw the first one but not the second! Know another just in case I can't find World War Z?
Another great zombie movie is Dawn of the Dead ! . Have you seen that one?
Oh, I've heard great things! Thanks for reminding be about it. . You are good at your job! . Thanks a lot! Have a good night!
Thank you! Have a great night!
hello
Hello hello
I hope you are well today
Thank you same to you!
Feel like watching any movies today?
Know any movies similar to Saving Private Ryan?
I would suggest Black Hawk Down or Shooter
Oooh nice. Haven't seen either!
or try your luck with The Inglorious Bastards . Good war films
Saw that but always a great option! . Thank you for your time!
My pleasure . Thanks for visiting . Have a great day and goodbye!
Thanks you too!
Hey there . Hope you're having a great day! Know any movies similar to Powder?
Hello . I saw that movie when I was so young but I remember it so well
Same here! I love it! . Really unique film.
Definitely. Kind hard to think of an exact match for it. Voldemort comes to mind for some reason 0_0. Anyways have you tried Rites of Passage
Haha. Have not seen it. Will give it a try! . What about something like Forever Young?
Something with a more fantasy theme is Phenomenon
Mel Gibson used to be awesome . Oooh haven't seen that one either! Thanks a lot!!
Something extremely sappy is The Time Traveler's Wife
Okay. Sounds good! Thank you!! . Have a good night! :)
hello
Hey there! . What movies do you like?
I feel like watching something like Drive or The Italian Job
Have you seen Thief or The Guest ?
I have not seen either . but i shall check them out . I appreciate the suggestions . Thanks for your help and good bye!
Also check out Gone in 60 Seconds . Have a good night!
loved that one too
Hi, what kind of movies are you into?
Hello! I love The Greatest Showman . Do you know any movies like it?
If you like Hugh Jackman in a performance role, you might like The Prestige or you might also like The Great Buck Howard with Colin Hanks.
I have seen The Prestige but not the other one. I do like Hugh Jackman a lot, but I like that  The Greatest Showman is a musical. Do you know any more musicals like it?
Have you seen La La Land or Moulin Rouge!? Both are musicals and are centered around show business.
I haven't seen either of those but I've heard great things about them! . Thank you for the suggestions!
You're welcome.
Have a good night!
You too :)
hello
Good night
I highly recommend Deadpool and Deadpool 2 . both funny movies
Loved the both of them actually . Any others funny action comedies?
or if your more in a dramatic mood, i would suggest Fargo and The Usual Suspects . great genre . I would suggest Rush Hour . or Tango & Cash
I've heard good things about Fargo. Never seen the Usual suspects though . Rush Hour and Tango and Cash sound great. Thank you so much for all of these
My pleasure
Great selection of movies
Thanks for stopping by . Have a great night and good bye!
Hey
Why hello . How are you today?
Im great
Good. Do you know any good Johnny Depp films? . I really enjoyed Blow
I gotta rec the classic Pirates of the Caribbean  . You might like Secret Window
Haven't seen it yet but it's now at the top of my list! ;) . Wow. Haven't seen that one either. You're good! . Got another one that I can add?
Edward Scissorhands  is amazing
Oh yes! One of my favorites! . Well I now have to great options- thank you very much!! . Take care!
You are welcome
hello . let me start by recommending Casablanca and Citizen Kane . both timeless classics
Hi. I saw both but did not like. . I'm looking for something more like Halloween
or if you are in a horror mood then i would suggest Friday the 13th or A Nightmare on Elm Street
Oh those two are great! Thanks for reminding me about them! . Excellent choices!!
My pleasure . Thanks for visiting
Take care! . Thank you!
Have a great day and good bye!
Good evening
Hello. How are you?
Kinda tired. Up late huh? . Do you need a good movie to watch?
Haha yes
What are your favorite genres or movies in general?
I do actually. I love Scarlett Johannson. Know any of her movies? . I liked Lost in Translation a lot
First movie to my mind is Lucy  and Ghost in the Shell
Hmm. Haven't seen either!
You could watch Iron Man 2 when she first appears and then Captain America: Civil War
Oh I had no idea she was in either! . Awesome job- you're great! . Thank you very much!
Great your welcome
Hello! How are you?
Hello hello . I'm well and yourself?
I'm doing great! What is your favorite movie?
Oh my favorite movie is The Man in the Iron Mask . What about yours?
That's a great one! If you like historical movies, Les Misérables is a great one and one of my absolute favorites!
Oh cool! Have you seen Phantom of the Opera? . Also West Side Story is a great musical movie
I haven't seen that one but I have seen The Phantom of the Opera . It has great music too!
Oh nice. I have to check it out! . Anyway, nice chatting with you!
I also really like The Count of Monte Cristo . It doesn't have music but it has a great story!
Have a good night! :) . Ooh. Will check that out as well! . Thank you!
You too! Good bye
hello
hi
I want to watch something like Drive or Ocean's 11
If  you wanna see Ryan Gosling's softer side check out The Notebook
I haven't seen that . I will check that out
I like The Fast and the Furious
great film, i liked that too . Thanks for your help . I appreciate you . Have a great night and good bye!
bue . bye
Hi there . Hope you're well . I am a huge Brad Pitt fan. Got any suggestions?
I loved him in Ocean's 11 . Fight Club comes to mind but I aint even sure if he's in it
Hmm I think you might mean Ocean's Eleven haha . Both are great films!! . I really enjoyed Interview with the Vampire
Oh yeah he was in that too. I liked Mr. & Mrs. Smith
Yes- that was also really great! . I will revisit these. Thank you for your great suggestions! . Have a good night!
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button was a good film too
Yes another great one!
You are welcome
Thank you!
Hello there
Hey
I hope you are well!
How's it going?
Fine thank you. And yourself?
I am doing well
I recently saw Porky's and would love to know of any other movies that are similar if you know of any!
Thats a new one . First time hearing of that movie hehe.
Oh okay. It's similar to Animal House
If you are on the track for Nation Lampoon stuff I can say try Van Wilder . or National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation
Oh nice! . I've seen National Lampoon's Vacation but not that one! . I will check both out! Thanks a bunch! . Have a good night! :)
Nighty night
hello
hi
i like the movies Zombieland and Deadpool . I also enjoyed The Terminator and Terminator 2: Judgment Day
Zombieland was pretty cool have you watched Shaun of the Dead
I have seen that and loved it
Or Cargo which is out now on netflix
I have not seen that yet . I will check it out . Thanks for your help . I appreciate you . Have a great night and good bye!
same to you
heyheyhey
Hellooo . How are ya?
im good . you?
Fine thanks . No any good Tom Cruise movies? . Know*
Vanilla Sky comes to mind
Oh I LOVED that movie! . I also really liked Top Gun
the new The Mummy as well even though it sucks so you check out the original The Mummy . Jerry Maguire was a good one too
I really loved the original but haven't seen the new one because I heard terrible things! . Yes I loved that one as well! . Thanks a lot for your time!
anytime buddy
Good evening. . How are you tonight?
I am good
Great. I was hoping you could recommend some classics like Stand by Me
if you like musicals i love Singin' in the Rain n
Hmm it's a little older than what I'm looking for . I'd also like to see something that's more coming of age
The Wizard of Oz is pretty good for a watch
Also pretty old . Do you know something more recent?
Oh sorry I got your message late. I thought weere looking for older classics
Well yes more like from the 80s or 90s :)
all i can think of is Dazed and Confused as well as Sixteen Candles
Oh those are good ones! . I will rewatch one of them . Thank you!
you are most welcome
Have a good night!
Hey how are you? . What kind of movies are you interested in?
Oh I really like movies like Avatar . And I'm fine thanks. How are you?
Awesome! Have you seen Aliens  or Guardians of the Galaxy ? . And I'm good, thanks!
I saw Aliens but not Guardians.
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets and Tron are good ones, too!
I'll add it to my list . Hmm. I've never even heard of those two! Very interesting choices! . Thanks a lot!
You should definitely check out Guardians of the Galaxy
I will for sure!!
Thanks! Have a good night! Goodbye!
Bye
Hey how are ya?
hi . I'm great.
Awesome! I'm looking for a good scary movie like Rosemary's Baby a classic, you know? . The Exorcist is great too!
Great movie. Have you seen The Shining ?
Yes! That's a good one!
One of my favorites. This is more modern but have you seen Insidious ?
I have seen that one- it's really good! . Those are all great suggestions, I know what to watch tonight now!
I really enjoyed the movie The Possession
Oooh! That's one I haven't seen! I'll check that out fir sure!
Great. Glad I could help!
THank you- good night!
Good night!
hi there. How are you?
Hey there! How's it going? . Great, thanks!
Great. Me too.
I'm looking for movies like The Fifth Element and John Carter , any suggestions? . I didn't really like After Earth
I might be one of the few people that like John Carter . Have you seen the new Blade Runner 2049 ?
I haven't seen Blade Runner 2049  but I have seen the original Blade Runner is the new one any good?
Yes it is great.
Awesome. Thank you for the suggestions! Have a great night- goodbye!
Good bye!
hi . how are you?
Hi! How's it going? . Great, thanks! . What kind of movies are you looking for?
I am looking for something scary, similar to The Possession or Evil Dead
awesome! I love scary movies! Have you seen The Exorcism of Emily Rose or Insidious ?
I love Insidious !! . I have not seen The Exorcism of Emily Rose I am going to check that out! . Thanks!
Insidious: The Last Key is really great, too!
Have a great night! . Great. I will check that out too. Have a good night!
Thanks! You too- good night!
Hey how are you?
hi . I'm good how are you
Great, thanks! What kind of movies are you into?
I'm just finishing up watching Hereafter and I really like it. Can you recommend anything similar?
Nice, that's a good one! Have you seen Seven Pounds ?
I have not but I heard it is good.
I liked it a lot. If I Stay is pretty good, too
Great picks. Hopefully. :) I have not seen either of those. Hopefully they are better than Knowing
Haha! They are for sure! . have a good night! Goodbye!
Great. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!
Hi, how are ya?
hi . i'm good how are you?
Great, thanks! . What kind of movies do you like?
I've been watching 5 straight hours of chopped and need a movie to watch.
haha! Chopped is an awesome show!
Yes, I love it. . Any good adventure movies like Jumanji ? . I haven't seen the new Jumanji
That's definitely a good one. Have you seen Zathura ? . I haven't seen the new one yet, either.
I have but it's been a few years.
Hook and The BFG are really great movies too!
Hook I have seen. I have been meaning to check out The BFG I will watch that! . Thanks for your help
It's really great- especially if you like the book! . No problem! Have a great night!
You too. Goodbye!
Bye!
hi . how are you?
hello how are you . im great
great. Me too.
i like horror and comedies do you know any good ones
How about both? Have you seen Tucker & Dale vs. Evil ?
i enjoyed Jeepers Creepers and Girls Trip . I have no ill check it out
Jeepers Creepers was great. . Have you seen the new Jeepers Creepers 3 ?
no i want to . thanks for the suggestions . have a great day
You too. Goodbye.
hi there. How is your night going?
im great how are you
Great.
i like horror and comedies do you know any good ones . last good horror movie i saw was Jigsaw and last comedy was Girls Trip
I just finished watching The Possession and Insidious
I loved Insidious and never saw The Possession
The Possession is pretty good...you should definitely check it out. If you are looking for a laugh. The Other Guys is always a great option.
Ill check out both thanks for the suggestions . have a great night
Goodbye!
hello how are you
Good! How are you?
im great
I am looking for movies with a great story, like Captain Phillips and Sully - any suggestions?
Inside Man and the Avatar both had great stories
I've seen those both- those are good ones!
i have not seen Sully or Captain Phillips
They're both really good- Tom Hanks is in both! . Thank you for your suggestions, have a good night!
you as well
Hey! How are ya?
hello im great . im into horros and comedies do you have any suggestions
Yes! Have you seen Evil Dead or Evil Dead II ? . Those are horror and comedy in one1
I have no seen either, are they worth the time?
They are really great! Pretty cheesy, but some good horror effects. Army of Darkness is good too!
The last comedy i saw was Girls Trip was great
And Shaun of the Dead is my favorite horror comedy! Super funny and gory.
thanks for the suggestions have a great one
Girls Trip was pretty hilarious. Have a good night!
hello how are you
I'm good! and you?
im great im into horror films and comedies do you have any suggestions
Yes! Insidious is a good horror and Super Troopers is one of my favorite comedies- have you seen either of those? . Annabelle is so creepy! and Superbad is super funny!
I loved at Insidious I never saw Super Troopers last comedy i saw was Girls Trip . I loved both of those movies
I've not seen Girls Trip
it was hilarious . thanks for the suggestions have a great night
Nice! you're welcome- good night!
Hello!  What kind of movies are you into?
hi . I love awful 80s movies. Something like One Crazy Summer or Better Off Dead . Any good recomendations?
Oh, yes...Love both of those.  How about something like Porky's? . My husband and I re-watched Police Academy  recently.  It really is a hoot and makes for a fun nostalgic trip.
Oh yes, I love Porky's . Omg, I am definitely going to rewatch Police Academy
Of course, Sixteen Candles is silly and campy.  Love Molly Ringwald.
Can't go wrong with that one either. . Great, thanks for the options! . Have a great day. Goodbye!
I was a teenager in the 80's so I have a ton of them.  You're welcome!  Goodbye!
Hi how are you . What type of movies do you like
Hello!  What kind of movies are you into?  I'm good, I hope you are well, too.
Thank you I am :) I enjoy action and comedy!! . Know of any good ones ?!
Sure!  If you are into action, I'd recommend seeing Beverly Hills Cop .
Oh yesss that was a great movie !!! . Have you seen Inception
If you want more action than that, you could see Avengers: Infinity War . I haven't seen Inception .  I keep meaning to see it.
Ohh! Is it good?! I heard so many mix reviews . It’s super good!! . Definately have to watch it !!
I liked Avengers Grimm .  Also, The Dark Knight  is great for edge-of-your-seat action. . I meant to say I liked Avengers: Infinity War
Exactly !!! I totally agree! Did you see Black Panther  I really liked it . I send it 3 times !
Oh, and comedy and action should get you to see Deadpool 2
I haven’t seen the first one or second of deadpool
I haven't caught Black Panther  yet, but plan to very soon at home. . Deadpool  is not for the kids, but it is funny.
Yess! Definately recommend it !
Do you think you have what you need?
Hahah kind of like Sausage Party . Yes I do! Thank . You . Bye :)
I haven't seen Sausage Party  but have to do it when the kid isn't around.  Thank you and goodbye!
Hello! How are you
I'm good!  My brother is coming to visit and I want to queue up some good old fashioned monster movies for him.  Any suggestions?
Monster is pretty good!
It could also be a modern version of an old fashioned monster movie, or something that has them in it.  For example, The Cabin in the Woods is a good example of a modern monster movie.
Pacific Rim
Well, Monster  isn't really the type of movie I was looking for.  Isn't that the one with Charleze Theron?
Is really good . Yes !
I haven't seen Pacific Rim .  Is it a monster movie?
Yes it is! . Have you seen Creature of the Walking Dead
My brother likes Dracula  and Frankenstein , that type of thing. . Oh, Creature of the Walking Dead  sounds PERFECT.
Yes it’s not super good classic movie !
Thank you for the suggestion!!  It's the kind of thing my brother likes.  He's a nerd.  :)
Wolfman  is pretty great as well :) . Hahah im . I’m glad I could . a help
He has a Wolfman tattoo, he'd love it.  Thanks!  And have a nice day!  Goodbye.
You too bye !!
Hello!  What kind of movie are you thinking about seeing today?
Hi there . How are you?
I'm doing great, how about you?
Fine thanks. . I'd love to see something similar to There's Something About Mary . That movie always cracks me up!
That is a very funny movie.  How about Hall Pass ?  It's funny in a sexy way, too. . Oh, and Along Came Polly .  I haven't seen it in awhile, but I remember it was hilarious
Oh wow. I haven't even heard of it. Looking it up right now... . Oh I saw that one! Excellent suggestion!
Another I'd suggest is The 40-Year-Old Virgin .  That movie is one of my all-time favorites.
Yes that was hilarious. . I think I'll check out Hall Pass. Thanks a ton, you were super helpful! . Hope you have a good one!
No problem!  I hope you have a nice day!  Goodbye!
Hello!  How are you today?
Hi there. . I am well and yourself?
I'm doing good.  What kind of movies are you into?
I'm looking to watch a movie like The Goonies. Know of any good ones?
Sure.  You have great taste.  That is a classic.  If you like the Corey's, one of my favorites is The Lost Boys .  It's not exactly like The Goonies  but it has funny moments.
Okay, I've heard of it but I will take your recommendation. Thank you . I also really enjoyed Stand by Me
Gremlins is a good campy movie from that period.  It is silly but fun.
Oh another one I've heard of. Thanks a lot for your help . Much appreciated
If you like movies about kids, I'd recommend The Sandlot .
Yes I loved that movie actually
I can see some similarities between it and The Goonies .
You have good taste . thank you
No problem!  Do you think you have what you need?
yes thank you . bye
Hello!  How are you today? . What kind of movies are you into?
Hi there . I am fine thanks and you?
I'm doing well.
I just saw Cube yesterday and loved it . Do you by chance know of any other movies similar?
I've not seen Cube .  Isn't that like Saw ?  I'd recommend that if so...
Sort of. I saw Saw and loved it
Also, The Killing Room  is something you might like.  Very suspenseful.
They're both Psych thrillers . Oooh! Yes... haven't seen it but sounds really good! . Just wrote it down
One of my all-time favorite scary/experiment type of movies is The Cabin in the Woods .  My nephew told me about it and I really enjoyed it.
Oh nice. Haven't seen it either . I trust your judgement . Thanks a lot- have a good one! . :)
You, too!  Goodbye!
Hello . Hope you're well
Hello!  What kind of movies are you into? . I'm well, I hope you are, too.
I loved The Professional and would love to see something similar . It was such a great movie!
You would probably like Nikita .  It has the same type of secret agent vibe.
Oh okay cool. Haven't seen it . Know of any others?
Colombiana was another suspenseful movie.
Hmm. Haven't seen that one either. I'm adding both of these to my list . Thank you
If you like spy movies but are in the mood for something lighter, I always enjoyed True Lies
Oh True Lies is one of my favorites . Thanks a lot for the other two . Have a good one!
Hi hi
Hello
How are you today?
I'm good and you?
Fine thanks
what kind of movies do you like?
I really like action films but not super hero movies . The Terminator is one of my favorite movies
That is a good movie. . Have you ever seen Shooter ?
No I haven't . I will now thank you
It has Mark Walhberg in it, great movie.
Oh nice
How about something like Back to the Future ?
Hmm I also really liked Eraser
I have never seen that one.
Hmm not really what I'm looking for but will check out the first recommendation . thanks a lot . hope you have a great day!
I guess I am going to need check out a new movie . thank you good bye.
Hello . How are you?
I'm fine. How are you?
fine thanks . Do you know any good horror movies? . I really liked Hostel . Oh and Wolf Creek was good too
Yes l just watched Winchester house . Have you seen it?
No . Haven't heard of it
It's really good
Winchester. Will make a note of it
It's about the Winchester house in caliCalifo
Know another? . Okay. Know another?
Wrong Turn . Silent Hill
Wrong Turn  Okay sounds good thanks
Devil's Rejects
Okay thanks! have a good one!
Hi how are you?
Hello, you have something in mind or could I just suggest something like Billy Madison a great comedy.
Oh I loved that movie . I also really liked The Waterboy
Yes, that is another great one.  Have you ever seen Little Nicky ?  I really liked this one.
I did!! Frickin loved it too . Also really liked Big Daddy . I see we have similar tastes!
Yes Adam Sandler is just hilarious.
Well nice chatting with you. I think I will rewatch Little Nicky later today . Thank you!
Thank you, good bye.
Hi there . How are you doing?
Hello . Do you like horror movies?
I do. I really like the Saw movies . Also like classics like Halloween
Have your ever seen wrong turn
Wrong Turn sounds familiar but no sounds good!
Wrong Turn turn . Silent Hill hill
Oh that sounds good too!
Winchester
I'll see where I can view online
It was great
Thanks have a good one!
Hello.  How are you today? . Do you have a certain Genre in mind?
I'm fine thanks . And yourself?
I'm great
I really like romantic comedies like Knocked Up
Oh that is a very funny movie.
Yes so maybe something similar?
Have you ever seen How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days ?  I love this movie so much.
I did! I loved it! . I also really liked Meet the Parents
Oh that is a great movie too, so funny.  And than of course Meet the Fockers .  So great when the sequels can equal the first movie.
Yes saw that as well and loved it! . I'll probably see it again- forgot all about it! . Thanks a lot- nice chatting with you! :)
Oh yes you will have to.  Thank you and good bye.
Do you like comedies . Tammy
Hello there!  Yes, I do.  I like silly comedies like Daddy's Home .
It was really funny
I'm not a big fan of Tammy
I really like that movie daddy's home
Yes, it was good, but the 2nd one Daddy's Home 2  wasn't too great.
Really I was hoping it would be good too
Do you have any good suggestions with Will Ferrill?
Do you know of any more recent good ones . Joe Dirt 2: Beautiful Loser
Was Will in that one?  I need to see it...I liked the original Joe Dirt .
I haven't seen the second Joe Dirt but the first one was really funny
I'll put Joe Dirt 2: Beautiful Loser on my list.  Thank you!
You're welcome have a great day
You, too.  Goodbye.
We'll both have to watch that one
hello
Hello how are you . Do you like horror movies
I am fine ty for asking . yes i do
Have your seen the new Winchester
I liked It and Halloween . I have not seen it. . I look forward to watching it
Wrong Turn . It was really great
I have seen that and enjoyed it . I agree . Thanks for your help . I appreciate the suggestions . You have a great day and good bye!
Silent Hill . You to
Hello do you like comedies
hello . I do
Have you seen  Tammy
I liked Dumb and Dumber and Superbad . I have not . It looks funny
I loved that moves . Joe Dirt
That movie was funny too
Tammy is really good
I enjoyed that one very much . Thanks for your help . You have a great day and good bye!
Dirty Love . It was great to . Have a great day
I'll check that out oo . too . thanks!
hello
Hello!  What kind of movies are you into?
i feel like watching something like Predator or Drive . I like both of those
Okay, how about an older movie called Run ?  It has the guy who played Dr. Dreamy on Grey's Anatomy, but his name is escaping me at the moment.
I have not seen it but it sounds great . I'll put it on my to watch list . I also enjoyed Deadpool
Also, if you like those types of movies, how about Reservoir Dogs ?  I love Quentin.
I cant wait to see the second one . I loved that movie
Oh, Deadpool  was great.  I still want to see the 2nd one, too.
I will rewatch it . Thanks for your help . I appreciate you
No problem!  Have a nice day.  Goodbye!
You have a great day and good bye!
hello
hello
Do you like horror films such as It or Halloween ? . or maybe some dramas like Fargo or The Usual Suspects ?
I really like Friday the 13th, it was unexpectedly hilarious.
Great choice
I'm not a big horror person otherwise though.
for a similar movie may I suggest Scream
Do you watch anything like Pulp Fiction?
Yes and I loved it . Thanks for stopping by
Thanks!
Have a great day and good bye!
hello
Hey there, can I recommend a movie for you?
I am in the mood for something like Zombieland or 30 Minutes or Less
I really enjoyed 30 Days of Night
I have not seen that yet . I will put it on my to watch list
It is somewhat a supernatural movie, too.
cool . I also like It
I've seen that one, too. I loved the old one from '90.
Thanks for your help . I appreciate you
You too!
Have a great day and good bye!
Bye bye.
Hey there. could I recommend a movie for you?
Hello!  I'm in the mood to see a movie with Kevin Costner.  Any suggestions?
Hmmm. I always loved Dances with Wolves . The score is beautiful. . Have you seen it?
Yes, that's a good one.  I haven't seen it in awhile.  Can you think of anything else? . I know it wasn't popular, but I liked Waterworld .
Of course I have to mention The Bodyguard . Awww. I thought that one was great.
Oh, yes!  With Whitney Houston. That's one I forgot about. . I also liked Field of Dreams .  That's an oldie but goodie.
It looks like his latest movie was Draft Day
I haven't seen that.  I'm going to look it up.
Awww, I watched Field of Dreams in school.
Thank you for the suggestions!
I didn't really like it, though.
Oh, well, I might re-watch The Bodyguard .
It's worth the time, I think.
You have a nice day!  Goodbye!
You too! Bye bye.
hello
Hey there. Can I recommend a movie for you?
i like movies similar to Drive and Fargo . any kind of suggestions would be of great help
I suggest you watch No Country for Old Men . These are quite similar.
I seen it and loved it
I have never actually seen any of the mentioned movies so far, haha.
haha, no worries . they are great . when you get a chance check them out
I definitely will.
I also love fluff like Deadpool . Thanks so much for your help
I saw that one! It was awesome. . Thank you! Bye nos.
I appreciate you . Have a great day and good bye!
Hello . How are you? . Looking for any good movies to watch?
Hello!  I'm good. I am in the mood for some sort of end of the world type movie.  Do you have any ideas? . This Is the End  was crazy but a good one.
If you're looking for a comedy I'd suggest This Is the End
Oh, that's too funny.  Just what I was thinking of.
Oh Ha! I was just going to recommend that one . Have you seen Deep Impact
Yes, that's a good one!  Like it.  Another one would be Night of the Comet . Nostalgic fun.
I thought The Day After Tomorrow was also really good
Oh, yes.  I haven't seen that one in awhile.  I think I'll look it up again! . Thank you for the suggestion!
And there's also World War Z  . You're welcome, enjoy!
Have a nice day!  Goodbye!
Hello!  How are you today?
Hi there! . I'm well thanks . And yourself?
I'm good!  Are you looking for a movie to watch?  I might be able to help.
Yes actually. I really enjoyed the movie The Color Purple. Know any similar movies? . I also really liked Beloved
Those are great movies!  If you are looking for a movie with a civil rights lean, maybe Driving Miss Daisy . And, Amistad  was a powerful movie.
Oh I haven't seen either but have heard great things! . Great suggestions... thanks a lot!
I've heard Precious   was good but I haven't seen it.
Haven't seen it either . Will now. Have a good one!
Hi there! . How are you?
I'm well and yourself?
Doing good.  What kind of movies do you like?
I really like movies like Ferris Bueller's Day Off . I've seen it like ten times!
That is an excellent movie, one of my all-time favorites. . How about License to Drive ?  It is a comedy about a kid who gets into messes.
Oh nice. Haven't even heard of it . Sounds a little like Richie Rich . But without the money haha
If you like Matthew Broderick, there was a movie called The Freshman that I loved.
Haven't seen that. Great suggestion though! . Gonna go check it out thanks!
No, License to Drive is totally different.  Haha!  The kid is older.  It's one of the Coreys, I think Cory Haim.
Have a good one!
You, too!
Cool gonna look it up. Thanks
Hello!  How are you today?
hi . i am great thanks for asking
What kind of movies are you into?
I am in the mood for a funny movie . I liked Ace Ventura: Pet Detective and Superbad
Okay!  I could recommend The Cable Guy if you liked Ace Ventura: Pet Detective
I seen it and loved it . can you recommend 1 more? . I have a day off today and would like to spend it laughing
And, if you liked Superbad , how about Knocked Up ?  It really is funny.
I saw that too. I enjoyed it! . Thanks for the help . I will have to rewatch those today . I appreciate you
Cool.  Thank you!  Goodbye!
Have a great day and good bye!
Hello!  How are you doing today?
hello . I am good thanks for asking . how are you?
I'm well.  What kind of movies are you looking to watch?
I am in the mood for something funny like Ace Ventura: Pet Detective or Superbad
How about The Waterboy ?  It's a silly comedy along the same lines as those.
I have seen it and loved it
You might also like Animal House .
That movie is a classic . I loved it
It's old but it stands the test of time well.
Thanks for your help . I appreciate you . Have a great day and good bye!
You're welcome.  Thank you!  Goodbye!
hi . I am in a funny mood
Hello!  I can definitely think of some good funny movies.
I like movies such as Superbad and Ace Ventura: Pet Detective
How about The Other Guys ?  Will Ferril is a hoot.
I have not seen that yet . I will add it to my list . Do you have 1 more?
You might like seeing Grown Ups  with Adam Sandler.
I have seen that and loved it
It's a decent movie.
Thanks for your help . I appreciat you
You're welcome!  Have a great day!  Goodbye.
Have a great day and goodbye!
hi
Hello!  How are you doing?
I am fine ty for asking. . what kind of movie you feel like watching today?
I'm in the mood to see a musical.  I loved LaLa Land, but anything old or new.
great film
I loved La La Land . It was!
may i recommend Grease or West Side Story
Yes, those are great selections.  Olivia Newton-John was a childhood idol of mine. . I also loved her in Xanadu
or maybe Chicago or The Sound of Music . I have not seen Xanadu . I will have to check it out
Not a popular movie Xanadu , but it's fun.  Great music!
Thank you for visiting . Have a great day and good bye!
I loved The Sound of Music  and CQ .  Thanks for the suggestions! . Goodbye! . That should be Chicago , not CQ
no worries . have a great day!
Hello! How are you today?
Hi. Fine and you?
I'm great! . What kind of movies do you like?
I really like horror films like Scream
Have you seen A Nightmare on Elm Street or I Know What You Did Last Summer ?
Yes and love both! Good choices!
I also like Friday the 13th and The Ring . Have you seen those?
Yes actually! I've seen a lot of movies but will watch the Ring again. . Thanks a lot for your time!
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Yes both great. Will rewatch the Ring . you too!
Hello!
Hi Hi . How's your day going?
Great. Just getting ready to go home and watch some movies! . How about you?
Sounds good. . Fine thanks. Do you know any good movies directed by Spielberg?
So many! . You can go with something old like E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial  or something new like Ready Player One . There is also Jurassic Park
Oh nice! I've seen them except for Ready . I really liked them and Jaws
Jaws is a great movie!
Right? . Anyway thanks for your help
Makes me afraid of the ocean though!
Take care!
No problem! Goodbye!
Me too haha . see ya
Hello!
Heya . How's it going?
What kind of movies do you like?
I like action movies like Armageddon
That is a great movie! Have you seen The Day After Tomorrow or Independence Day ? . Deep Impact is also a great one too!
Yesh actually! . You have really good taste!
Thank you!
I'll probably see Independence Day again. Thank you!
Hello!  How are you today? . What kind of movies are you interested in?
hello . I like movies like Dumb and Dumber and Superbad . I am in a funny mood
How about Hot Fuzz ?  That's funny.
I have seen it and ffound it funny
Also, that movie about the security guard in the mall...What is it?  Paul Blart: Mall Cop . That movie is good if you are in a funny mood.
I have not seen it but will put it on my watch list . Thanks for your help
You won't be disappointed
I appreciate you . Have a great day and good bye!
Thank you!  Have a great day!  Goodbye.
hello
Hello!  How are you this afternoon?
I am fine,  ty for asking . I like movies like The 41-Year-Old Virgin Who Knocked Up Sarah Marshall and Felt Superbad About It and Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls . I am in the mood for comedies today
Okay.  I have a comedy I've been wanting to see again, an oldie but goodie:  Stripes
I have seen that and loved it . I shall rewatch it . Thanks so much for your help . I appreciate you . Have a great day and good bye!
If you like that, how about Grumpy Old Men
That one is great as well . Thanks so much
hello
Hello, what kind of movie are you looking for today?
I am in the mood for funny like 30 Minutes or Less and Zombieland
I'd recommend Shaun of the Dead
That was a great flick . I loved it
If you like dark movies, Wristcutters: A Love Story is cool.
I have not seen that yet . I will put it on my watch list . Thanks so much for your help
I saw that again just recently.  It definitely has a goth vibe to it.
I appreciate you
But, funny. . Thank you!  Have a great day!
Have a great day and good bye!
hello
Hi . How are you?
Fine, thanks, and you? . Do you need some good movie to watch tonight?
Would love to see a Ben Stiller movie like Meet the Parents. Know any?
I already saw that . Do you like The Secret Life of Walter Mitty ? . It is a great movie
Hmm . Haven't heard of it. Have you seen O Brother, Where Art Thou%3F?
No I have not . thank for sugestion . My favorite is Life of Pi
Oh I haven't seen that either. Is there a similar movie to it?
No, actually . It is metaphorical movie . i have to go now
Oh okay.
I hope you like my suggestions
Read the instructions and don't waste peoples time
Good afternoon!  How are you today?
hello . I am good thanks for asking
What kind of movie are you interested in?
I am in the mood for something like The Punisher or Drive
How about Face/Off with John Travolta?  It's a great flick.
I have seen it and enjoyed it . One of Nick Cage's best performance . I saw his son in concert
I haven't seen it yet, but I hear the latest Death Wish  is good.
So cool to meet him
That is interesting that you meat Nick Cage!
That sounds like a great film . I have not seen it . Thanks so much for your help . Have a great day and good bye!
No problem.  You have a good day!  Goodbye!
hi
Hi how are you
i am good thanks for asking
What type of movies you like . What type of movies you like . What type of movies you like
I like movies like Die Hard and Death Wish . I also recommend Deadpool and Fargo . If you like good drama I suggest The Usual Suspects or American Beauty
Have you seen The Speed Girl
I have not . It sounds interesting . I will put it on my to watch list
It’s pretty good similar to the genre . Yeah you will enjoy it! I have seen deadpool
Sweet! . Thanks for stopping by . Have a great day and good bye!
Yea super good ! Burn :) . Bye!
Hello . im a really great movie knower
Hello!  I am in the mood for a romantic comedy.  Something similar to When Harry Met Sally... .
oh oh let me think
You can come up with something.  :)
Have you heard of Knocked Up or The Proposal
I liked You've Got Mail .  I guess I like Meg Ryan.
both really good rom-coms
Oh, yes.  I loved Knocked Up .  I don't think I saw The Proposal . . I might look that up on the Roku this afternoon.  Thanks for the suggestion!
I liked You've Got Mail also . do you know When a Man Loves a Woman
You are very much appreciated.   Have a great day!
Oh you too . bye!
Goodbye.
Hi . I am looking for good crime movies to watch tonight with my date . do you know any movie like Godfather ?
Oh sounds good. And have you heard of Scarface?
Oh yes! I love that movie . What is your favorite? . Please hurry up my friend, My date will be here any minute.
Hmm what about Goodfellas
I have not seen it, but I will, Thanks!
There's also Carlito's Way
Have not seen that one ether!
Hope you enjoy!
thank you a lot! . bye!!!
Hello! . How are you? . Do you like romantic movies?
I do actually! . I'm fine thanks and yourself?
Have you seen Notebook . I am fine too
Yes I have . I really liked Romeo & Juliet
I've seen it . it is nice . My favorite is Dear John
Really good movie! Did you like Message in a Bottle
I have not seen it
Oh okay, it's one of my favorites . Well thanks for your time . Have a good day!
you too . byeee
hello
Hello there!  What kind of movie are you in a mood for?
I am in the mood for something funny like Superbad or Pineapple Express . I also liked Friday and How High
I liked Bridesmaids .  Laughed so hard! . And, if you like older movies, Airplane! is a classic.  It's a little dated, but I think it still has great laughs.
I loved both movies . both are super funny . Thanks so much for your help
Yes, they are funny.  I hope this helps?
I appreciate you
Thank you!  Have a great afternoon.  Bye!
Have a great day and good bye!
Hello! . i know a lot of great movies . What is you favorite genre?
Hmm. I like action movies like The Fast and the Furious
oh great . i know a few great ones
Awesome!
Have you heard of Lethal Weapon and Die Hard  both really great classics
Hmm they are good but not quite right . I like cars a lot too
oh then Fast & Furious 6 or The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift . or even Mad Max: Fury Road
Yes all those movies were awesome! . Thanks take care
You too happy to help!' . Bye!
Hello?
Hello . How is you day so far?
Great thanks! . need some movies? . I am here to help1
Yes actually . I'm looking for a movie like Grease
Old movies?
Musicals
Havee you seen Saturday Night Fever
No I haven't. Thanks for reminding me about it!
or maybe Grease 2  ?
Oh yes- saw that. It was terrible! haha . I guess I'll check out West Side Story again. Thanks anyway!
hahaha I know . no problem . bye
Hi there
Hi! What kind of movies to you like?
I really like movies like Varsity Blues
So, high school movies? Have you seen Dazed and Confused
Yes- awesome movie! . Super funny . Super funny
For a classic of that genre, you might want to check out The Breakfast Club . Or Fast Times at Ridgemont High
Yes both two great choices! . Thanks- I will rewatch both . Hope you have a great day!
hi . I am in the mood for somthing like The Wedding Singer or How High
Hello! . oh i have seen both they are great!
or something super action packed like Die Hard or Death Wish
Have you heard of Pineapple Express . its a great stoner movie
I have seen it and found it to be hilarious
i really like seth rogen in that one . oh wait then
I like that franco dude . he has such a cheesy smile, haha . I also like Dazed and Confused and Zombieland
Dazed and Confused Or Half Baked . omg we have the same taste :D
Haha! . we should watch a film together sometime
for sure!
I appreciate the recommends . I have seen both and loved them . Thanks for your help . Have a great day and good bye!
You too bye!
Hello
Hello!  I am in the mood for a movie with animals.  Nothing too sad like Hachi: A Dog's Tale , something upbeat.
Okey, I like that kind of movies . Have you seen Doctor Dolittle ?
That sounds good.  A little dated...I liked Turner & Hooch (old but love Tom Hanks)
I have not seen it . I will . have you seen Babe ?
Yes, but I haven't seen it in ages.  A great suggestion! . Thank you!  I appreciate your help. . Goodbye!
No problem . Thank you . Bye
Hi!
Hello
Do nyou like action movies? . *you
No i prefer darma . do you have some good ones
what about Lethal Weapon ?
Thats a great one but i have seen it . maybe something like The Terminator . i really love Robots :D
I love that one . have you seen Goodfellas ? . or maybe Pirates of the Caribbean  ? . Those are my favorite
Goodfellas  i have watched . but i like Pirates of the Caribbean  . THanks a lot!
Hello friend
Hi neighbor haha . How are you?
doof , thanks . need some good movie? . I like animation movies like The Lion King
Yes please
what about you?
Would love to see a movie like The Passion of the Christ . Fine thanks
Have  you seen New World ? . Or maybe Noah ?
No I have not. . Oh both really good choices. I am interested!
Oh great! . bye then!
Hello
Hi . Need some good movie?
Yes please
what kind of movies do you like?
I have been in the mood to see a good Ryan Gosling movie like Drive. Know some good ones?
Have you seen Notebook  ?
Yes and Loved it!
or maybe The Nice Guys ?
Oh I haven't seen Nice Guys will look into it
|Great . You should see Deadpool 2 . It is new
I think you mean Ryan Reynolds but will check out Nice Guys . Thanks take care!
Yes I know, but it is a funny movie . Bye!
Hello! . i like horror moveis . what is your favorite genre?
My favorite movie genre is coming of age movies . Like Brighton Beach Memoirs
oh both good ones . have you heard of Boyhood or Submarine . Boyhood is interesting
No I have not. I will google them
look into them they are great
Very excited to see them? . The Ten Commandments was good also . Anyway have a good one!
Thanks thats a recommendation for me too :D . You too bye!
Oh haha I was thinking of another movie
Howdy . How are you?
Hi. I'm doing well. . Would you like a movie recommendation?
Yes please
What kind of movies do you like?
I'd love to see anything with Elizabeth Taylor in it . Like Cleopatra
Well, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof is a classic.
Oh yes I loved that film
And so is Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf%3F. It is one of my favorites.
Oh cool haven't seen it. . I like The Taming of the Shrew as well . Anyway nice talking to you!
Also, her early role in National Velvet  is not to be missed.
Take it easy! . Yes loved that one too
Yes. Have a nice day!
Hello!
hello
What kind of films do you enjoy?
i am in the mood for something like Drive or Half Baked . I enjoy a wide variety of movies so anything would be helpful
Yeah that's a pretty big spectrum . Pineapple Express is comparable to Half Baked
I have seen it and loved it
If you liked Drive maybe try Nightcrawler
I have seen that too and enjoyed it very much
Or even A History of Violence
I have not seen that . I shall watch it right now . Thanks so much for your help . Have a great day and good bye!
You as well!
Hi! What type of movies do you like?
Hello. I like Stanley Kubrick movies like The Shining . How are you by the way?
I'm good! Have you seen A Clockwork Orange?
Yes I have. Great movie!
If it's the horror part you like, you should see Misery
I liked that one as well.
For a complete change of pace, but still Kubrick, watch Dr. Strangelove
Oh okay . Have not seen that one but will now . Thanks a lot!
It's different! But funny! . Bye!
Bye!
Hello how are you today?
Fine and you?
I'm great.
I really liked Now and Then . Do you know any other movies like that?
I don't think I have ever seen that one.  What is the genre like?
female coming of age . kind of like Stand by Me but for girls
Now that is one that I have seen.  Have you ever seen the movie Practical Magic ?
No I haven't will check it out though thanks!
It is definitely a good one for female coming of age story and it has a magic element.
Know of another one like that?
There is a movie called Thirteen that would fall along these lines though these girls take a path that isn't necessarily the right one.
Okay, thanks a lot! . Will check it out
I hope that helps you.  thank you and good bye
see ya!
Hi
Hello!  I'm in the mood for a movie from the 80's.  Anything is fine.  Just feeling nostalgic. . A comedy like Say Anything... would be nice, but I'm open to other suggestions. . I also like the John Hughes comedies like The Breakfast Club .
Oh nice! . Have you seen Pretty in Pink ? . Or even Ferris Bueller's Day Off ?
Yes, I forgot about that one.  I should re-watch it.  And, Ferris Bueller's Day Off is an all-time favorite. . You gave great suggestions to me.
Glad to hep . help* . Have a great day!
I think I'll queue up Pretty in Pink  today.  Thank you!  Goodbye!
hey!
hi . I am in the mood for some movies . Maybe something like Superbad or Drive . Can you recommend a few?
Great starts! . Have you seen Knocked Up
I have seen it and enjoyed it
Or Zack and Miri Make a Porno ?
I have seen that one as well and enjoyed it
Drive always reminded me of The Faculty . darker obviously
I have never seen it . Thanks for the recommendations . I appreciate you . I will check it out . Have a great day and good bye!
Hello how are you?
hi . I am good thanks for asking
What kind of movies are you looking for?
I am in the mood to see something like Deadpool or Drive
Oh I have seen the first but not the second.
or maybe something similar to Predator . and Death Wish
Have you watched all of the X-Men movies.  I always wanted to become a mutant.
I have seen them all and enjoyed them . I wanted super powers as well when I was younger . haha
Some kind of powers. . Or be able to use the force.
That would be awesome, haha!
Well I hope I helped you in some way.  Have a great day and good bye.
you have . thanks for your help . have a great day and good bye!
hi
Hello how are you?
I'm well, yourself?
I'm great. Thanks. . I'm looking for suggestions for a movie night with friends, any chance you can help me out?
I think I can!  Maybe a musical like Grease for everyone to sing along?
Oh that sounds like fun.
Or even a classic/cheesy action film like The Rock ? . Something quotable like Anchorman
Oh yes I think everyone would enjoy that too.
Or a mystery like Clue !
Oh those all sound like perfect movies to watch with friends. . Thank you so much for your suggestions.
No problem, hope they helped!
They sure did.  Thank you and good bye.
hello
hello how are you? . I am looking for some movie suggestions I am hoping you can help me out.
I can try! . What types of movies do you like?
I like a bit of everything to be honest.  I love old horror movies like A Nightmare on Elm Street . But I'm open for anything.
Have you seen The Cabin in the Woods ? . or It Follows ? . Or It ?!
Yes to the first, No to the second and a third yes, haha. . I have enjoyed the ones I have seen and I will definitely have to check out that new movie.
You definitely should! It's visually fun and has a good story . Have a nice day!
Thank you so much for your help.  I hope you have a wonderful day. Good Bye.
Hi!
Hello!  What kind of movie are you thinking of today?
I just watched Baby Driver and I'm looking for similar titles!
Hmmm.  I haven't seen that one.  Is it a racing movie?
Not really.  It's more of a heist movie . I'm also a big horror and documentary fan
You could watch Point Break . As for horror movies, I love those, too.
I loved the original, haven't seen the remake
I'd recommend Tucker & Dale vs. Evil if you like horror with comedy.  Really funny! . I also hear that Drive  is good and you might like it if you like Baby Driver . Does this help you find a movie to watch?
seen both and really enjoyed both but i still appreciate it! . i hope you have an awesome day!
Okay, great! . I hope you have a great day, too!  Bye.
Hello!  How are you today? . What kind of movies are you into?
I'm great how are you?
I'm good, thanks for asking
I'm into a little bit of everything to be honest.
I am, too.  Have you seen the Black Panther  movie?  It's out to stream now, I believe.
No I haven't seen it yet, but I really want to. . I haven't been to see anything in theater in a long time.
Have you seen Solo ?  I want to see it but haven't yet.  I haven't seen anything in the movie since Spider-Man: Homecoming to be honest.  It's been too long.  But, that's another great movie.
No I haven't seen Solo but I have seen the other. . My last movie in theaters was Despicable Me 3 .
It has been awhile!  Well, if you are going to the movies, I've heard that Solo  is great. . Does this help you decide on something to see?
Yes that is perfect.  Thank you and have a great day. . Good Bye.
Thank you!  Good bye!
Hello How are you?
Good afternoon!  I'm good, I hope you are well!  Are you looking for a movie suggestion?
Yes I would love some movie suggestions.
Awesome!  What are you in the mood for?
How about comedies.
I love a good comedy.  How about I Feel Pretty ?
I have never seen this one.  I haven't seen anything real new in a long time.
I love the previews on that one.  I would also suggest something older like The Waterboy .
I think I will definitely have to check that one out. . Oh I love Adam Sandler he is hilarious.
My husband and I love the scene with the alligator food.
Oh yes one of my favorite movies ever.  Have you ever seen Little Nicky ?
You would like Anger Management I bet. . Yes, I liked Little Nicky . I hope this has helped?
Oh yes Anger Management is great. . yes thank you so much.  Have a great day and thank you. . Good bye.
You, too!  Goodbye!
Hello how are you?
Hello!  How are you? . I'm good.  Haha!!
I'm great thank you.
What kind of movies do you like?
I like everything but I am trying to plan a movie night with friends.  Can you suggest anything?
Sure.  Are you going to the theater or staying home and streaming?
We'll be staying in.
Okay.  If you want to see a funny movie, you could see Deadpool .  Then, on another night, go see Deadpool 2  together.
Oh that sounds like fun. . I have seen the first one and I love it.
If you are in the mood to see something that won awards, I loved La La Land .  Great soundtrack, too.
I don't think I have seen that one. . I will definitely have to check that one out.
If you are in the mood for a good action movie, you could watch something like Mad Max: Fury Road
Oh that is another one that I have wanted to see. . well this sounds great thank you so much.
If you like musicals at all, you would like La La Land . Thank you!  I hope you have a great day!  Have fun!  Goodbye.
You have a great day.  Good bye.
Hello! . What types of movies do you enjoy?
I'm in the mood for a horror movie.  Do you know of something I'd like?
Well let's see... . Evil Dead is a classic . Drag Me to Hell  is good
I like the old ones like The Lost Boys but I also like the newer ones like The Cabin in the Woods
The Cabin in the Woods  is awesome!  Have you tried Tucker & Dale vs. Evil or Behind the Mask ?
Evil Dead is awesome.  I haven't seen Drag Me to Hell but I would be willing to check it out.
same director
Oh, love Tucker & Dale vs. Evil  but haven't seen Behind the Mask .  I'll have to check it out. . Thanks for the suggestions!  You are appreciated! . You have a great day.  Goodbye!
No problem!  Happy viewings!
hello
Hello!  I'm in the mood to see a &quot;found footage&quot; type of movie.  You know, similar to Blair Witch . That should be The Blair Witch Project
Ohhhh a classic . How about Cloverfield  ? . Or even Chronicle  !
I haven't seen either of those.  They are found footage types of films?
Creep is an under the radar gem too . all 3 are found footage or found footage-esque
Coool.  I will look them up!  Thanks for the suggestions!
No problemo!  Have a good one!
I really loved V/H/S
Hi
Hello! . I know this will sound crazy, but my AC went out today and it's hot.  I want to watch a movie with SNOW.
Totally understand that.  The Thing comes to mind . The Thing is good too
Oh, yes.  I just felt chills thinking about that.  LOL. . Maybe even a Christmas movie?
maybe even National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation
Something like Elf ?
Jingle All the Way is pretty wonderful for that genre!
I love National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation and my son is always up for that. . I haven't seen Jingle All the Way .  I'll look it up!
Snow Day is a fun one for kids . Hopefully I helped!
Those are great suggestions!  You did help. . You have a great afternoon!  Goodbye!
Hey
Hello!  How are you?
I'm well, you . ?
Great, thanks!  I'm in the mood for something with suspense.  Just as an example, I really loved Gone Girl
Such a great movie! . Mystic River for sure
Wasn't it, though?  It was great.
Zodiac too
I haven't seen Mystic River .
Could even go Memento
I've seen Memento , loved it, but haven't seen Mystic River  or Zodiac .
You're trading Ben Affleck for Casey Affleck between Gone Girl and Mystic River but it's worth it
I'll have to look those up.
Zodiac is on Netflix and it's great!
Thank you for the great suggestions!  Those make me happy.
Hope I gave you a winner!
You did!  You have a nice day!  Goodbye.
Hi there, how's it going?
Hello!  It's going good.  Except, I really need a movie suggestion. . I want to see something inspirational.  Do you know of something good? . You know, like Rudy , but it doesn't have to be sports-related.
I recommend the movie The Pursuit of Happyness
I've seen that one recently and it's great, but maybe not good tonight because I've seen it so recently.  Anything else?
It's very inspirational and has great acting . What about Good Will Hunting ?
Oh, yeah!  I haven't seen that in ages. . That would be a good one to see.
Yes, I love that movie. Another good inspirational movie is Remember the Titans . It's a sports movie though
I don't mind it being sports.  I just didn't want to make you only select sports movies.  That sounds good, too. . Thank you for the suggestions!  I have what I need.  I'll have to check out Remember the Titans . . You were a good help!  Have a nice night! . Goodbye.
sounds good, good night
Hello
Hi. Who's your favorite actor?
Sam Rockwell or Tom Hanks
Did you see Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ? Rockwell won the Oscar.
really liked Choke and Catch Me If You Can . loved three billboards! . i openly wept haha
Did you see Hanks in The Circle The critics ddin't like it
I haven't . the cultish one right? . how was it?
Boring. Fractured story line. Didn't know if it wanted to be action or drama.
Well at least I know to avoid it!  Thank you!
YW.
Well have a great evening, I appreciate the help!
Hi
Hello!  How are you?
I'm well, thanks! Who is your favorite actor/actress?
I don't really have a favorite to be honest.  I'm in the mood for a sci-fi movie, maybe something comedic like Galaxy Quest
love that movie!  such a good cast . Serenity is fun
Yes, it was funny. . I've never seen that one.  It's sci-fi?
The Martian is a great film . it is!  it's based off of a show
Oh, yes.  I like The Martian a lot.
did you see Star Trek?  It's not bad and the sequel is good too
I'll have to see Serenity .  Don't know how I missed it. . Yes, LOVE Star Trek .  I didn't think I would like it since I love the old actors, but these new guys are great. . You've given me some great suggestions!  Thanks! . I think I'll queue up Serenity .
No problem.  If you like it check out Firefly after! . Have a great night!
Cool.  You, too!  Goodbye!
Hi
HI. Can you recommend a good musical?
I know a few! . Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog is wonderul . so it Newsies . The Greatest Showman gets in your head too haha
I really wanted to see that. Hugh Jackman is amazing
and there's always the classic Grease or even Les Misérables . He's a good Wolverine and a good singer.
Thanks for the ideas. I'm going to check them out.
Awesome!  Enjoy!
Hey! If you could watch only one genre of movie, what would it be?
Hello! . That's tough. Probably sci-fi. Covers a lot of ground
You might light Passengers with the actress from The Hunger Games
I've heard of that one but never saw it . Chris Pratt and J-Law right? . I liked The Martian
Yes. I didn't see that one. Does Jurassic World count as sci-fi?
I would say so.  Loved it! . Excited for the sequel . Thanks for the Passengers idea, I'll have to check it out!
Me too. Hope you enjoy it.
Have a good night!
Hi
Hi. Do you like classic movies/
I do but I'm kinda looking for movies kinda like Back to the Future !
Have you seen The Divergent Series It's not campy like BTTF, but it's an interesting premise
I have not, I'll have to check it out . I also watched The Shawshank Redemption  recently and loved it
Morgan Freeman is a God. Loved him in Evan Almighty
He's great in a lot of things.  I forgot all about Evan Almighty.
You might like Ready Player One . or Tron
I did enjoy that quite a bit!  Loved the references.  Never saw Tron.  Might look into that tonight. . Thanks for the suggestions
YW.
Hi! How are you?
Hello, what kind of family friendly films can you recommend? . I'm thinking things like Pay It Forward
Right now my family loves The Greatest Showman . It has great music and Hugh Jackman is great in it. My kids can't stop singing the songs!
Oh, I saw The Greatest Showman it was wonderful! . what about tyler perry? I liked The Family That Preys . Temptation: Confessions of a Marriage Counselor was great too!
I don't really know Tyler Perry, but Groundhog Day is a great family movie. The Pursuit of Happyness is also great but maybe more suitable for older kids.
Groundhog Day I haven't seen in a while. and The Pursuit of Happyness was really good as well, thanks!
You're welcome! . Have a great night!
you as well, thanks!
Hello!  What kind of movies are you into?
I like action and romance! . Like Allied and Titanic
Okay!  I have a good suggestion that give you both.  Romancing the Stone . It's old but I think it's still good.
I have seen that one several times! I love a lot done by Nicholas Sparks too, So that type is a favorite! What about you? What is a favorite?
Allied  I've not seen.  Titanic  is great.
Oh you have to watch Allied , serious tear jerker but wow what a movie! . I recently saw Forever My Girl and that was REALLY good!
I'll have to watch it.  If you want to see an anti-romance movie, Gone Girl  would be good.
I don't think I've seen that one, I'll add it to my list thanks! What is it about?
It's a thriller based on a book.  I won't give it away, you should just see the preview and watch it.  Everybody loves it. . Keeps you on the edge of your seat.
I'll check it out! Thanks :) . I'll check it out! Thanks :)
le? . I hope you have a great night!  Goodbye!
I have no clue what happened there... so sorry! . Ok you too!
Hello!
Hi there! What type of movies are you into?
I was thinking of seeing something with Christopher Walken tonight.  Any ideas?
Hmm Ever seen Sarah, Plain and Tall  ?
An example of a movie I liked was The Prophecy .  He was great. . I saw that but it's been awhile since I saw that one. . It might be worth a look.
Not sure I've ever seen that one! I'm not very knowledgeable about that actors movies...
He was an arch angel in it, really evil. . Have you see The Dead Zone ?  Based on Stephen King.
Oh ok, so you're into drama! How about something like The Seventh Sign ?
That is a great one.  I haven't seen it in years.  I might queue it up! . Thanks for the suggestion!
And no I haven't seen The Dead Zone
Oh, Chris was also in Pulp Fiction .  Small role. . But, he gave a great speech.
You're welcome! :) Another personal favorite is Allied , it's amazing! Has Brad Pitt in it. . I have yet to watch Pulp Fiction ! Heard a ton about it!
You have to see it.  Thanks for the suggestions!  I hope you have a great night!  Goodbye!
You too! Bye!
hello
Hi!
what types of films do you enjoy?!
I like action movies like Justice League .
Oh good choice!  Did you see Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice ? . Or Watchmen ? . Wonder Woman was also very good
I have seen all of those. I didn't like Watchmen but I loved the other two!
It's not for everyone . have you seen Avengers: Infinity War ?
I haven't seen that one yet. I need to see it!
It's very good! . Well I hope you have a great night!
I've heard great things about it! . Good night to you too!
Hello!
Hello to you!
What kind of movies can I help you with tonight? . A Quiet Place is new and very good, just a starting point
Can you find me some movies similar to Citizen Kane but more modern?
That's tough.  Quiet a masterpiece there . Phantom Thread has potential
Very true! . I've never seen that one. I'll have to check it out.
What did you like about Citizen Kane? Maybe that'll help drum up some more . Actually, The Fountain might be up your alley now that I'm thinking about it
The story was interesting how it connected the character to his never being enough. . I have seen that one. It was fantastic. . Thank you! . Have a great night!
You as well!
Hi!
Hello! . What kind of movies do you like?
I really enjoyed Gangs of New York and Moon . Also a huge The Mighty Ducks fan
Have you seen The Last of the Mohicans ? That is a great movie!
I have!  I quite enjoy Daniel Day Lewis
Also, The Aviator is pretty good too.
Yes!  Loved it . I actually may watch that again. It's been a while.  Thank you!
You're welcome! . Have a great night!
Have a great night!
Hey
Hello there!
How are you?
I am doing great! How are you?
I'm well
Can I recommend any movies for you? What kind do you like?
Please do!  Horror, action or comedy? . I just watched Step Brothers recently . Oh and Boiler Room
Comedy then? I have a few ideas. . The Other Guys also has Will Ferrell and is pretty good.
I loved that one!
Wedding Crashers is very funny too. Have you seen that one?
Oh I have but it's been a while!  I forgot all about it . I may have to revisit it soon. . Thanks for the suggestions!
You're welcome! . Have a great night!
You too!
Hello
Hi . How are you? . What are your favorite movies?
i'm doing good, thanks!  i really like the original Star Wars . and The Departed
Have you caught up with recent Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi ?
I have!  It was pretty good
I liked Law Abiding Citizen as well and it is a crime drama that is full of thrills and twists
Oh yeah!  I actually meant to see that back in the day.  Thank you! . I really appreciate that!  Have a great night!
You are welcome . same to you
Hi . How are you?
Hi . I am good . Are you looking for a good movie to watch? . Are you looking for a good movie to watch?
I am!  Any suggestions? . Last thing I watched and enjoyed was City Slickers
I liked EDtv  and Forget Paris
I haven't seen either of those . I've heard of EDtv . I'll have to look them up!  Thank you!
One of my mom's favorite is Analyze This . You are most welcome
Loved that and Analyze That
Great! Glad to help
Have a good night
Hello, good evening
Hello!  I'm looking for a movie to watch with my 11-year old son for family movie night.  Any ideas?
Finding Nemo  always gets kids excited . I know my daughter loves The Lion King  and Tarzan
That's a good one, but he's seen it a few times.  Maybe something for older kids?  It's okay if it's PG-13.
I can practically hear the songs in my head
Those are good, too.
Oh well The Avengers was pretty good . always good for a rewatch
Maybe something along the lines of The Goonies . . The Avengers  is good. . He would probably like seeing it again. . I'll run that by him and see if he's interested.  Trying to get him off the games.  Thank you!
Oh, so you want somethng from back in the day. Hm The Terminator was pretty great for a watch . Okay do that then
Oh, that is a good movie!  I didn't think of The Terminator .  Great suggestion! . I like retro movies.
Hopefully he shares your taste in movies
You have a great night!  I have some great suggestions from you.
Great. Bye
Goodbye!
Hello!  What kind of movies are you into?
Hi! . All kinds!
Cool!  What are you in the mood for?
Really loved Choke and The Usual Suspects . also loved The Martian
I've never seen Choke , but I think I did see The Usual Suspects .  It's been awhile!  How about A Low Down Dirty Shame ?
Oh!  That's a favorite actually!
Trainspotting  is a great watch.  Is that something you like?
I've actually heard a lot about it and never saw it.  Great choice! . Thank you! . Well I hope you have a great night!
Cool.  I liked that one.  I'll have to look up Choke .
You should, it's great
And, I loved The Martian .  You have a great night!  I'm glad I could help. . Goodbye.
Hi
Hello and good evening
What's your favorite movie?
I have so many movies I like to see but no favorites. I am in the mood for a fantasy movie though. Like Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2
Have you seen Beautiful Creatures
Oh I have heard about that one but never actually watched it. I think I'll finally check it out . Any others like it? Maybe like The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring etc?
Or The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug Benedict Cumberbatch voiced the dragon
I love Benedict Cumberbatch . I might just watch that just for him
Did you see him in Dr. Strange  . It was better than I expected.
I actually loved that one. . Thank you for these
YW.
I will rewatch Dr. Strange  and check out The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug . Good night
hello . how are you?
Hello!  I'm good. How are you?  Are you looking for a movie suggestion?
Always! . I just watched Goodfellas so that's where my heads at
Have you see The Godfather ?  It's a classic, always great to see. . The Godfather  and The Godfather Part II
Yup!  Loved that whole series . Even loved the spoof Mafia!
If you like gangster films but want to see something that is lighter, you could see The Freshman . . It has Marlon Brando and Matthew Broderick.  Great film.
I've never seen taht one . I do love Broderick!  He was almost the lead in Breaking Bad
It's funny, and Marlon Brando is playing a &quot;real life&quot; gangster that looks like Marlon Brando (if that makes sense.)
It does. I'll have to check that out! . Thanks for the tip!
I don't think I saw Mafia! .  I'll have to look it up. . Oh, and Pulp Fiction .  So great!
One of my other favorites!  Great call
That is a perfect movie. . I hope I've helped a little?
True Romance is great too
Yes, that's good.
You have!  Have an awesome night!
You, too!  Goodbye!
Hi
HI. . I'm planning a girls night out with my sisters. Can you recommend a funny movie?
Little Nicky and other Adam Sandler stuff from the early 2000s . I loved Happy Gilmore and Mr. Deeds as well
I don't care for him really. Too silly.
I love him. What about The Mask ? I guess Jim Carey would be too silly for you too . What kind of comedies do you like?
Haha yes.
Anchorman  was a good watch for me
My brother like Will Ferrell. The only thing I've seen was Step Brothers
Yeah that is a good one
I'll get my sisters to vote on your suggestions. Maybe I'll come to love Adam Sandler
I dont find much of todays comedy movies to be hilarious but you can check out Horrible Bosses
I really liked that one.
Great. Adam Sandler's older stuff was pretty good so he might grow on ya . Happy watching
Thanks for the info
bye
Hi
Hello!  How are you? . I'm interested in seeing an old-fashioned cheesy road flick.  Something similar to The Cannonball Run
Ok. Thinking
While that one is great, we saw it recently so I'd like to see something a little different.
Ooh there's one on the tip of my tongue. Give me a minute . It's a Mad, Mad, Mad World
Okay, no problem.  I'll mention one more that we like:  Smokey and the Bandit . . Oh, yeah!  It's a Mad, Mad, Mad World .  I remember I liked it, but I remember so little about it.  Just the name. . That sounds like a good one to see.
What about The Sting  I love con men movies
Yes, that's a fun movie, too.  And, I can play the theme song on the piano.
Impressive
You've given me some good suggestions!  Thank you!  I am going to look them up.
Great. Talk later.
Goodbye!
Hi . How are you?
Hello . What is your favorite movie?
Either The Dark Knight or Armageddon . It was good too
Have you seen Batman Forever ?  Also, Deep Impact  is a good movie.
I enjoyed  Batman Forever, never saw Deep Impact . I'll have to check it out . I know I've heard of it over the years
Great! . Have a good night!
You too!
hi
Hi. . I just saw a trailer for Adventures of Mowgli It's a live action version of The Jungle Book . It looks amazing. Great voice talent. Kate Blanchett, Naomi Harris, Benedict Cumberbatch
Cool. I am not a fan of live action movies though especially if it includes singing . Looking for a nice chickflick movie for tomorrow. Some friends are coming over and I want to show the sappiest movie I can find
Terms of Endearment or Beaches the original one. Not that Lifetime fiasco
Oh wow I have never seen both of those but I will gladly check them out . Can I get one more?
It's old but I really liked Stage Door It's a tear jerker
:'( I will just have to check it out. Been a while since I've had a good cry from watching a movie. . Thank you for these
you're welcome
Good evening!  How are you?
Hello1 . I'm good.
My husband and I saw Hell or High Water and he enjoyed it so much.  I am looking for something similar, or maybe with some of the same actors from that movie. . Jeff Bridges was sensational in that film.  My husband likes westerns, but he likes other things, too.
Okay. I have a few ideas. Give me a minute
Sure!
Have you seen No Country for Old Men?
I have not seen that one.  Is it a western? . I bet my husband would love it.
It is a western.
Cool.  Now, if I'm picking for me, I loved Jeff Bridges in Tron: Legacy .  Most people aren't crazy about that one and my husband hates it, but I don't understand that. . The music in Tron: Legacy just made the film have such flow.  It was great. . Any other suggestions?
True Grit has Jeff Bridges in it and it is a western. You should both like it.
Oh, yes.  I think I saw the old version years ago, but not the new version.  I'll definitely look that up. . Thank you for your suggestions!  You are great! . Have a good night.  Goodbye.
Thank you and you're welcome. . Good night!
HI
Hi. What's the first movie you remember seeing in the theater?
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Mine was Star Wars . Have you seen Avengers: Infinity War
nice!  i'm jealous . I have, loved it!
Pick on: Marvel or Justice League
Movies, marvel.  Comics, DC . I did like Justice League  and Wonder Woman though
Which one is Wonder Woman
DC
I'm kind of over super hero movies but loved Black Panther  Saw it twice
Very good movie! Perfect casting! . Well it's been great chatting.  Have an awesome night!
You too
Hello!
Hello!  My son just went on summer break and I'm thinking of watching some summer themed movies.  Something similar to Meatballs .  Can you think of anything? . It doesn't have to be a comedy, but we like comedys.
Have you seen Camp Nowhere ? He might like that.
I haven't seen that one.  I bet he would like it. . I'd probably like it, too.
Caddyshack is another good movie!
I've been thinking of Ernest Goes to Camp , too. . Oh, Caddyshack .  I hadn't thought of that one.  Great suggestion. . I think I will look up Caddyshack  and Camp Nowhere  and see if I can interest him.  Thanks for the ideas!
He might also like Treehouse Hostage .
That one doesn't ring a bell.  I'll have to see what it is. . The name treehouse makes it sound intriguing, though. . Thanks for the suggestions! . You have a good night!  Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a great night!
Hello How are you?
im great how are you
I'm good.
im looking for some great horror and comedies . any suggestions
Well when it comes to horror I always think of the classics like A Nightmare on Elm Street or Friday the 13th.  Have you seen either of these movies?
I saw both and enjoyed both
Yes they are great movies.
last horror i saw was Jigsaw really likd it
I will have to check that one out.
last comedy was Girls Trip also great
As for a comedy have you ever seen Uncle Buck ? Hilarious movie.
no i have not ill check it out . thanks for the suggestions have a great day
I haven't seem that one either I will need to check that out.  Thank you and good bye.
hello how are you
Hi I’m good and your self ?!
im great, what kinds of movies do you enjoy
I really like comedy and action ! . Know any good ones to recommend ?!
Girls Trip and Superbad are great comedies Avengers: Infinity War had great action and so did Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation
Omg I loved Girls Trip !!! Have you seen Jumanji ?!
i did not i heard it was very funny
Yes super funny ! Did you see Black Panther  that’s a really good action movie
I loved Black Panther i saw it twice . i hope you liked the suggestions have a great day
Me too well 3 times I’m black panthered out . Yes I did thank you bye !!
Hello!
Hello how are you?
I'm great!
I am looking to have a movie night with friends, would you have any suggestions?
Are you interested in chick flicks? Bridesmaids is a good one.
That movie is hilarious. . The scene where they all get sick at the dress shop is the best.
That was funny!
I love a bit of everything. I really want to see Deadpool 2 but just don't have it in the budget at the moment. . Deadpool is a great one.  Funny and action packed.
Have you seen Watchmen?
Yes! That is a really good movie too, . I always forget about that movie! I am going to have to rewatch that again soon. . Well thank you so much.  you've been so helpful.
Any of the Avenger movies is great. You could also try Kick-Ass.
Sounds great! Have a good one.  Good bye.
hello how are you
Hello!  I'm good, thanks! . I'm in the mood to see a tear jerker.  Something kind of like Steel Magnolias . Can you think of anything like that?
I Am Sam and The Notebook were both great
I've seen The Notebook but not I Am Sam .  I'll have to look that up.
youll enjoy it very emotional movie
Cool.  Anything else you can think of?
The Iron Giant was also sad at the end
Oh, yes.  My son likes that one and it was sad at the end. . I like Fried Green Tomatoes , too.  Have you seen it?
I have not seen it ill check it out . hop[e you enjoyed the suggestions have a great day
Okay.  Thanks for the suggestions!  I think I will look up I Am Sam . . Goodbye!
Hello How are you?
Hello!  I'm good.  Do you know of any movies similar to Mean Girls  that I might like? . I'm not so much into teenage movies unless they are smart.  Like, Election , for example.
That's a good movie.  You might want to check out Easy A . It's a very good movie.
I've never heard of it! . I'll look that one up. . Oh, it has Emma Stone.  I would love that.
There is another one that comes to mind that is worth watching Thirteen.
I don't think I've heard of that one, either.
It seems to be a realistic portrayal of how rough growing up can sometimes be.
Another one I liked was Saved! .  It was funny.  Did you see that?
No I have never seen that one.
I'll look up Thirteen , also.
I am going to have to look that one up.
Thanks for the suggestions!  I appreciate it. . You have a good night!
Thank you.  Good bye.
Hi how aren’t you
Hello!
Are*
I'm not bad
What kindness of movies do you like . I like comedy and action
I love movies like Guardians of the Galaxy and The Avengers. Have you seen those?
I have not seen guardians of the galaxy ! But I seen the Avengers . Have you seen Avengers: Infinity War
I haven't seen that one yet but I've heard it is really good!
Super goood! What about Black Panther ?! . I seen it 3 times ! Lol
I haven't seen that one. I need to.
Yes it will be worth it
Have you seen Hot Fuzz? It is hilarious!
Have you seen Austin Powers in Goldmember . Noo!!! But I will definately check it out :)
I have seen that one! Pretty funny.
Do you know if it is on Netflix ?!
It is! You should totally watch it tonight!
Goood! Can’t wait lol thank you soo much have a great night :)
You too! Enjoy the movie!
I will!!
Bye
Bye
Hello!  What kind of movie are you looking for tonight?
Hey, you know any good horror flicks?
Sure, I love horror although I'm a fan of the older movies really.
As am I.
I love Scream .  It was well-written and even the sequels are decent.
Yes Scream will always be a favorite of mine.
One of the scariest movies without gore I've seen would be The Others .  But, if you've seen it before, it would probably be ruined for a 2nd viewing. . The twist makes that movie and once you know it, it can't be unknown. . I like the Annabelle  movie.  I haven't seen the 2nd one yet.
I'm not sure if I have or not.  That sounds like The Sixth Sense once you've seen it the twist is gone. . Annabelle is a good one for sure.
Yes, exactly!  But, watch it if you haven't seen it. . I hope this helps you?
Well sounds good I will look these movies up thank you. . Good bye.
Thank you!  I hope you have a good night. . Good bye.
Hello!  How are you?
Hello. I'm great, How are you?
I'm doing well, thanks!  What kind of movies are you into?
I like everything.  You have any good action super hero movies?
Sure!  I really loved Guardians of the Galaxy , and the sequel, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2
I haven't watched either of those yet.
The Dark Knight never disappoints either.
I am going to have to check them out for sure. . Oh i just watched that one yesterday. . I love Batman.
My favorite superhero movie of all time is Superman .  So sad that Margot Kidder died recently.
That is so sad.  It's been years since I've watched that one.
I've been wanting to watch it again after I heard of her death.  I think I liked Superman II  even better, though.
I will have to watch them both.  It has been so long. . Well thank you.
Finally, I would suggest Spider-Man: Homecoming .  It's the last thing I saw in a movie theater of late and it's so good. . I hope I have helped you out.
Oh yes I will have to look into that one as well. . for sure. Thank you. . good bye.
I hope you enjoy your movie! . Good bye!
Hello, how are you?
Hello!  How are you? . I'm doing well.  What kind of movie are you looking for?
I guess I am open to anything right now.  I was just thinking of one I haven't watched in forever, Love Stinks , have you seen this one?
No, I don't think I've seen that one.
It is hilarious you will have to check it out.
If you like that type of movie, you might like I Love You to Death .
I've never even heard of it.  I'm going to have to look it up.
Actually, I Love You to Death  is a comedy based on a true crime case.  Kinda crazy.
Oh that sounds very interesting.  That's like True Romance was based on an actual couple.
How about Bridget Jones's Diary ?  That's a funny comedy with a warped kind of love interest. . I have to look up True Romance .  It sounds interesting.
I have seen it, but it has been a very long time since I have watched it. . True Romance is great.  I highly recommend that movie.
Cool.  I will look at that.  Wristcutters: A Love Story is a crazy kind of love story as well. . I hope I have helped you out?
I have heard of that one.  Oh yes you helped.  Thank you. Good Bye.
Good bye.
Hello, how are you?
Good! I like dark comedies, like Fargo,  do you have any recommendations?
Have you ever watched Dr. Strangelove ?  For sure a classic.
Yes, I have and I enjoyed it. No fighting in the War Room!!
Or one that I always thought was a great movie American Psycho .
I've heard of it, but have never watched it. I will have to check it out. . any others?
For sure it is a really good movie . gets in your head. . I will always suggest Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas . . I've seen the movie and read the book, for sure a great one.
Oh, that's a good reocmmendation. I'll add it to my list. Thanks! . Have a good night!
thank you, good bye.
Hello, how are you?
I'm doing well, thanks!  I'm interested in finding a body swap type of movie.  Something similar to Freaky Friday .  Can you think of anything?
There is a movie called The Change-Up where two guys somehow switch bodies
I've never heard of that one.  Sounds interesting! . It could also be a movie where a person swaps roles but not bodies, like The Parent Trap
Or The Hot Chick , sort of a funny version of how body swapping can go horribly wrong.
Right!  That movie is crazy. . I haven't seen it in awhile, either.
I thought that it was hilarious.
Of course, there is Big .  We saw that one recently, though.
Otherwise too White Chicks might be something along those lines as well. . Oh that is a good movie too.
Yes, White Chicks  is a great suggestion!  So funny.
Well I hope I helped some.
Thank you for your help!  I am happy with looking these up, particularly The Change-Up . . You have a great night!  Goodbye!
Awesome.  Good bye.
Hello!  Can I help you find a movie?
Hello that'd be great.  What would you suggest?
What is your favorite kind of movie? . Or, what are you in the mood for?
I like everything but my all time favorite it horror movies.
Yes, I love horror movies.  I enjoy the old ones.  How about something like Halloween ?  Always a crowd-pleaser.
Yes that is one of my all time favorite movies. . Right up there with A Nightmare on Elm Street .
I never get tired of the old movies like Phantasm .  The dialogue is a bit stiff, but the concept and scares are great. . Freddy Krueger is the man of horror for sure!
I don't think that I have ever watched that one before. . I will have to look it up.
Do you like old ones like Rosemary's Baby ?
I have heard of it but I have never actually watched it. . I suppose I am going to have to check it out now.
Oh, and one that I remember scaring me when I was young was It's Alive .  I wonder if it would scare me now?  I remember it was gory. . Definitely see Rosemary's Baby .  It has held up well.
I've never seen that one either. . I guess I have a few movies to look up now.
I hope you have something here you can use?
Thank you very much.
Cool.  I hope you have fun watching something!
Oh for sure.  you have a good one, thank you
Good bye.
Good bye,
Hello! . What are some of your favorite films?
Hello . Hello . i really like Horrors . Sinister is my favorite, do you have some recommendations
great film . have you see The Conjuring . or Insidious ? . or even The Others
i have seen the first two i like them . Whats The Others about?
A mother and her two daughters being haunted . stars Nicole Kidman
Oh i like Nicole . Thanks i will watch it for sure! . Bye!
hi
Hello . i really need a good movie for tonight . i have a date
ok
maybe a romantic comedy like How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days
how about 10 Things I Hate About You
Yes i like that one, i have seen it tho . La La Land i like too . so maybe something like that also
hmm . ok . have you seen The Big Sick ?
Oh i have not . i will give it a go . Thanks for the recommendation! . Bye!
great . goodbye!
hi there!
Hello!
how are you?
I'm doing well!  I am interested in finding a movie that my older mother would enjoy. . She doesn't like violence and tends to like family-oriented movies. . But, she likes a good comedy, too, as long as it isn't too raunchy. . She loved 9 to 5 , for example. . Do you have any ideas?
great . Do you think she would like The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel
I've never heard of that.  Is it family oriented?  I'll look it up. . Oh, if it has Judi Dench, I know I would enjoy it for sure. . I think she'd be pleased.
Yes! . I'm trying to think of some other good ones for you.
She likes older movies.  She loved Steel Magnolias for example.
Would she like a movie like Matilda ? . That is a pretty fun family movie?
That is a fun movie.  I'm not sure if she would like it as it's a little bit childish and dark.  My 11-year old loves it, though.  Haha!
lol true
But, I'm going to look up that other movie and queue it up for her.  Thank you for the help! . You are awesome!
no problem. Have a good one. Goodbye!
Goodbye!
Hello . i like crime movies . i like crime movies . you?
Hello!  I'm not a huge fan of crime movies, but I do like superhero movies. . I guess you could call a superhero movie a crime movie.
yes its similar
I love Superman and my favorite superhero is Iron Man
Have you seen Wonder Woman or the new The Avengers . Iron man is the most common favorite superhero :D
I have seen both.  My husband loved Wonder Woman but I wasn't as impressed.  I like The Avengers . Well, Superman  will always hold a special place in my heart as it was my first superhero movie that I loved. . But, Robert Downey, Jr. is great.
Its really a classic . Have you seen Deadpool
I think I'll queue up The Avengers .  Thank you for the suggestion!
its a superhero comedy
Yes, it is. . LOVE Deadpool . . I hope you have a great day!  Goodbye.
You too bye!
Hello!
hello . how are you?
whats your favorite genre
horror and comedy!
ah then the combination is perfect for you! :D
it does make searching easy haha
have you seen Shaun of the Dead or Zombieland
I have and LOVED both! . I really liked Tucker & Dale vs. Evil
ah great! i have a few more recommendations . yest its the third movie i watched ;) . have you seen The Cabin in the Woods . its the first choice for me i really live it
Yup!  That is one of my favorites! . I kinda want to rewatch it now! . Thanks for the suggestions! . Have a great morning!
no problem anytime . you too!
Hello . i love adventure movies
Hello!  How are you?
you?
I'm good.  I love them, too.  I recently saw Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom with an orchestra playing the score.  It was fantastic. . I'm in the mood for some kind of 80's movie.  Any thoughts?
Its a great movie . ah yes of course a good decade for movies . and everything else also :D
Yes, it was! . Actually, adventure movies from the 80's are great.
Have you headr of Top Gun or Back to the Future
Yes, those are great movies. . I loved Romancing the Stone , too. . I haven't seen Top Gun  in ages.  That would be a good one to revisit. . Tom Cruise was stellar in that one.
then The Jewel of the Nile is a great choice for you! . you have to watch it
Yes, I've seen it.  It's great! . Thank you for the suggestions!  I think we'll put on Top Gun . . You have a nice day!  Goodbye!
No problem anytime . Bye! have a nice day too
Hello!  What kind of movie are you in the mood for today? . Anything in particular that you like?  Favorite actor or actress?
Hello . i love tom cruse
Oh, yes.  He's great!
The Minority . oh Minority Report was my favorite
I loved the movie Magnolia .  I loved his bad boy type of character dealing with personal issues. . Oh, and Interview with the Vampire .   Scary fun!
i have watched those two . i really love them . im a big fan so i hava watched a lot of movies with him . :D
Cool!  I love the music from Top Gun .  Of course, that movie catapulted him to success. . And, you can't leave out Risky Business .  Sexy fun. . Have you seen those two?  I'm sure you've seen Top Gun  at the very least.
I havent seen the second one, but Top Gun of course its a classic . Thanks i will try Risky Business
Risky Business  has the famous underwear scene where he's lip syncing to Old Time Rock and Roll. . Yes, you have to see it. . I hope I've helped you out?
yes you did thanks a lot . have a nice day ! :D
Thank you !  Have a nice day!  Goodbye!
bye!
hi
Hello!
how are you
Do you like horror movies
i do
i am fine thanks, you? . Have you seen Sinister or Sinister 2
i have
One of the best horrors, i think
i enjoyed that series . i also liked Cabin Fever
hm i havent that one :D . have you seen The Cabin in the Woods
i have.  it's fun and different! . i like joss whedon/drew goddard movies so it was wonderful . well thank you for the chat! . have an awesome day!
You too it was interesting chatting with you! . you too friend! bye
Hello!
Hello!
I love great old classics you?
I do!  Especially some of the scary classics, like Psycho .
That was a great one
I don't think I'm in the mood for that, though.  I was thinking of going to see a movie at the theaters.  Do you have a suggestion?
oh yes let me think..
Maybe something funny. . I mean, maybe something funny would be nice.
Have you seen Deadpool 2 or the new The Avengers
I haven't seen Deadpool 2 .  I did love the first one. . I wonder if people like Solo ?  Have you heard any feedback?
Actually not . i havent heard of anything
I love the previews for I Feel Pretty . . But, I might just leave the kid at home and go see Deadpool 2 .  It would be a fun one to watch.
i know its a comedy, but the imdb rating is so low :D
It is?  I didn't realize that.
Im happy that i helped . have a nice nightout!
That's disappointing!  It might be one of those where the previews show the only funny moments. . You have a great weekend!  Thank you and goodbye!
Check it out you will se . bye!
Hello
Hello!  What kind of movies aree you into?
i love classic movies . do you know some good ones
I know lots of movies.  Any particular genre you are in the mood for?  Horror?  Comedy? . I re-watched The Karate Kid  recently
Maybe Psycho is a good reference
We saw it again because we have been watching that new show Cobra Kai which is fantastic.
Thats a great move myagi-son . :D
I love Psycho .  If you like that movie, you'd love Rear Window or The Birds .
something else probably . oh i havent seen The Birds
Hitchcock was a master at scaring the pants off folks, of course.
what is it about? . i love Hitchcock when im in the mood :D
These birds just seem to randomly start attacking people.  I think there was some reason for it, but I don't remember that much.  I just remember it was scary. . You would probably like something from Stephen King.  I would recommend The Shining .
i think thats a great choice for me!
Okay!  I'm glad I could help you!
i have seen The Shining its creepy . :D
Enjoy your movie and have a great day!  Goodbye.
You too all best! . bye
Hello
Good morning . Can you recommend a good movie for me?
what movie genres are you in the mood today?
I would like a cheesy comedy. . Something along the lines of Dumb and Dumber
Have you heard of Trading Places or Dumb and Dumber To
I watched Trading Places around Christmas so I don't want to see that.  I haven't seen Dumb and Dumber To .  Was it good?
Oh i remembered Hot Rod is gread! i really love Adam Sandler . Its okay lets say :D
I never saw Hot Rod and I thought I'd seen all of Adam Sandler's movies. . I don't know how I missed it.  I'll look that up. . Thank you for the help.  I appreciate it.
No problem anytime! . you will not regret it!
Have a great day!  Goodbye!
bye! you too!
hi
Hello . I need a good comedy . my friends are coming for the night . Do you know some good ones?
Game Night is fun
The Hangover Was great
something quotable and forgotten like Old School ? . maybe even get weird and go EuroTrip . or Super Troopers ?
EuroTrip was good, we are all Europeans so i think its a bit strange for us to watch :D . But i think we will watch Super Troopers . i think it will be a great night . THanks!
you too! . have a great night!
you too bye!
Hello!
Hello . what genres are you in the mood for today?
I'm in the mood for a suspenseful movie. . Something along the lines of Cape Fear
ah . good movie type
Yes.  I like the movies that keep you on the edge of your seat.
Have you heard of Get Out or Seven . Seven is a brad pitt classic
I've seen both of those, but I haven't seen Seven  in years.  Isn't that the one with the seven deadly sins as a theme? . Seven  isn't my cup of tea.  I'm usually not adverse to gore, but the scene where the man eats so much and  busts his gut just did something to me.  Haha!
Yes it is, a serial killer movie
I loved Get Out .
Have you seen Gone Girl
Oh, yes.  That one is great! . I might re-watch it. . Thanks for the suggestion!  It is appreciated.
No problem anytime
Goodbye!
glad i could help . bye
hello
Hello . Do you like Johnny Depp
I do sometimes . i liked Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
Then The Rum Diary or The Hangover you whould probably liek . Like
i enjoyed both of those
Have you seen them? . oh . Maybe Brazil or Blow
i liked blo . blow* . never saw brazil . thank you for the suggestion, i'll have to look it up! . i hope you have a great morning!
You too bye!
Hello
Hi
What kind of movies are looking for?
I just saw The Greatest Showman with my family. Can you recommend other movies like it for my family to watch?
Have you seen Up ?
I have seen that but my kids haven't. I forgot about that movie. That is a great idea! I need to watch it with them!
Of course, a good family movie is Sam
I don't think I have seen that one.
Yes, other great movie for the family is Antz . It is my pleasure can help you
I haven't seen that one either. Is is similar to A Bug's Life ?
It is a good movie!!
Thank you! We will have to check those movies out. . Have a great day!
I hope you can watch them . You too
hi
Hello! . What kind of movies do you like?
how are you?
I'm great. You?
i really enjoyed Coco and Thor: Ragnarok . I'm doing good
Have you seen Frozen or Wonder Woman ?
I have . I quite enjoyed both
They are great movies!
Did I say I enjoyed Coco and Thor: Ragnarok already?
Another great movie is Despicable Me 3 .
loved it! . well it's been great chatting!  have a great morning!
You did. I hope I was able to help you find some more movies like those. . Have a great day!
hello
Hi there!
what types of films do you enjoy?
I really liked the movie Wonder. Can you suggest any other movies like it?
have you seen Simon Birch . or Powder ?
I haven't seen Simon Birch but I've heard good things about it.
it is heartbreaking . Diary of a Wimpy Kid  is good too
I saw Powder years ago. Maybe I should watch it again. . I've never seen Diary of a Wimpy Kid but I have read the book. I'll have to check out the movie too.
It's worth watching! . well hopefully I helped
Yes you did! Thank you! . Have a great day
Hello. How are you today?
Great, thanks! And you?
I'm good. Can I recommend some movies for you? What kind do you like?
I really liked Gone Girl and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo - looking for something like that
Have you seen The Girl on the Train ? That one was great!
I have seen that one! Just recently - I liked it a lot!
Another great one is Gone Baby Gone.
Seven is a classic one that I like, too! . Oh yeah! That's a good one!
That is a good movie!
Thanks for the ideas- have a good day!
You're welcome. You have a great day too!
Goodbye! :)
Hello
hi
WHat kind of movies do you like
comedies and documentaries mostly . just watched Big Daddy again
nice movie . have you seen The Cove or Man on Wire . Both good documentaries
i havent! . is the one about the tightrope walker?
or some comedy...hmm . Yes :D . let me think of comedies also i have a few great ones . Super Size Me or This Is Spinal Tap
Love both of those!
Super Size Me is both documentary and comedy :D
Might have to check out Man on a Wire . thank you!
oh great! . No problem anytime Goodbye!
bye!
hi
Hi
what kind of movies do you enjoy?
i need a good movie to watch with my kid . so pg13 movies are great
have you seen Coco ? . or even Surf Ninjas ? . Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog is a great middle ground
We have seen Coco its great, and not just for kids :D
Avengers: Infinity War was great!
Surf Ninjas hmm maybe not i dont like that one . Yes i like Avengers: Infinity War too, and its a good choice! . Since my kid havent seen it . Thats a great recommendation . Thanks!
Thor: Ragnarok would be great to help your kiddo catch up on the story too . hopefully i helped!
you did a lot Thanks again . bye!
hi
Hello!  What sort of movies do you enjoy?
horrors and thrillers and mysteries . i liked National Treasure . and Angels & Demons
Oh, that's one of my favorite genres.  Did you get a chance to see The Witch ?
I didn't!  was it good?
I think it was a little graphic, but a lot of people seemed to enjoy it.  Do you prefer horrors and thrillers with a lot of gore, or more psychological?
psychological really . good question
Ah, I see.  You might enjoy The Circle ; it's on Netflix and is definitely more of a psychological type.  It's sort of like Cube , which is older but kind of along the same lines where people are trapped and have to find a way out, usually at the demise of others. . Thank you!  :-)
I'll have to give those a look!  I enjoy a good mind bend . thanks for the suggestions! . have a good morning
No problem!  You do as well!
hi
HI how are you? . I really liked the movies Inception and Doctor Strange .
yeah Inception was great movie
Can you help me find movies like those?
oh well all marvels movies maybe like you as Doctor Strange do
Can you suggest any particular ones?
yes The Avengers and Thor: Ragnarok
I've seen The Avengers but I haven't seen Thor: Ragnarok. . The Avengers was great! Have you seen the sequels?
Thor: Ragnarok is a geat movie you need to saw it before Avengers: Infinity War
Yes! I haven't seen that last one either but I do need to see both. . Thank you for the suggestions! . Have a great day!
you wellcome ! same to you!
Hello
Hello!  What kind of movie are you in the mood to see today?
I need a funny movie to watch with my ex . i think i will win her over again
A funny movie to see with your ex?  Let me think.
Romantic comedy maybe . its kinda lame but i love her
How about something romantic like Notting Hill  ?
We have watched that on our second date date . its okay maybe something like La La Land
Of course, if you like romance, you can't beat Pretty Woman . . Oh, I loved that movie!  Such an awesome soundtrack.
Thats a great movie Julia is great!
You could see Mamma Mia! if you like musicals.
Yes i havend seen that on, but i have heard of it . thats a good recommendation i think for now . thanks
It is good.  You would like it. . Thank you!  You have a great day.  Good bye!
You too! Bye!
hello . how are you?
Hi. Great. Do you like Westerns?
I do
I just saw The Magnificent Seven and it was awesome.
I also enjoyed Desperado . I enjoyed that as well!
Did you see the original 3:10 to Yuma
I havent! . does it hold up?
It's better than the original. But I like the old-timey actors like Glenn Ford . I mean it's better than the remake
Well that's not too hard hah
And Jeff Bridges in True Grit
I also liked American Outlaws . Oh!  Loved it! . I'll have to check out the original 310 to yuma . i like the classics typically . thank you!
YW. Hope you find something you like.
hello
Hi! . I really liked the movie Mission: Impossible. Can you suggest any other movies like it?
Mission: Impossible was a great movie, did you see the secuels?
I haven't. What are they called?
Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol and Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation are my favorites
I'll have to check those out. Do you have any other movie recommendations?
well you maybe have to check for Jason Bourne and The Bourne Legacy
I've seen all those movies! They are great! . Thank you! . Have a great day!
thats great! nice day to you
Good morning.  How are you? . Are you looking for a movie to watch?
Yes please . if good you? . im*
I'm doing good.  What kind of movie are you looking for?  I can  make general suggestions if you like, too.
A Documentary would be great! . im a nerdy guy :D
Okay. How about Man on Wire ?  I saw that and enjoyed it.  Don't watch it if you are scared of heights, though.
Thats the one with the guy walking on one? . i have seen that one, good movie tho!
Yes, it is.
I liked The Fog of War also . its about controversial Secretary of Defense
I like seeing the other side of issues, so I would actually like to see Jihad: A Story of the Others . The Fog of War  sounds interesting.
Yes it is
There was that movie about the guy who played Big Bird...
Jihad: A Story of the Others i like this recommendation . i will look into it . thanks a lot! . Bye!
I Am Big Bird: The Caroll Spinney Story  is good, too. . You have a great day!  Goodbye!
Thanks thats another one i havent seen . you too bye!
hi
Hi . Seen any good movies lately? . Molly's Game was good. Very suspenseful.
I wanted to see that actually! . I like crime thrillers . loved Baby Driver
It's on my list. Gone Baby Gone was amazing. . And Mystic River I met the guy who wrote the novel.
two of my absolute favorites actually . sean penn was INCREDIBLE . Sean Penn was INCREDIBLE
Yaaaaaas. Did you see him in Milk
Not yet!  I really need to get around to that . I Am Sam rips my heart out every single time
Mine too. . It was nice chatting with you. Have a good day
you too!
hey there
Hey
I really liked Escape from Alcatraz . any suggestions to similar things?
The Shawshank Redemption . Or maybe The Rock . Nicholas Cage is in that, so it's kind of campy sometimes.
Loved both of those . never opposed to good ol camp!
And The Green Mile  makes me cry everytime . Nicholas Cage was in Con Air too. But I wouldn't call it campy
never saw green mile but i'll have to check it out . con air was absolutely campy! . steve buscemi's lynard skynard line! . well thank you very much for your time!
Hello!
Hi
I'm in the mood to see a fantasy movie, something that my 11-year old can watch with me. . Do you have any ideas? . We've seen Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets together and liked it.
Have you seen The Lord of the Rings ?
I have, but I don't believe he has seen it.  That's a good one to put on my list.
Also The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is also great to see as well.
It's been several years since I've seen The Lord of the Rings  . . I loved The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey .  That's a good choice.
Another movie he might like is The Golden Compass
Oh, right!  I've seen that listed on Netflix or someplace but never saw it.
Not as popular as the other ones, but still really good!
I'll definitely look into that one.  It came out the year my son was born, too. . He might find that cool. . Thank you for the suggestions!  I appreciate you!
I hope he likes those! You're welcome
Goodbye!
Have a great day!
Hello!
Hello! How are you today?
I'm good!  I'm looking for an adventure film, something like Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade . Do you have any ideas?
That's a good one! have a few ideas.
Cool!  I'm all ears.
There's the newer movie in the series Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. Have you seen that one yet?
I haven't seen that one yet.  Is it good? . Wait, is that the one where they show him as a kid?
I thought it was great!
I'll put that on my list.  I also like adventure movies like Back to the Future .
I don't think he was a kid in that one. Back to the Future is an awesome movie! Have you seen Jurassic Park?
Oh, yes.  We love Jurassic Park  and we are looking forward to the new one this summer!
Another movie you might like is The Adventures of Tintin. It was also directed by Steven Spielberg
I'm definitely going to look for Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull .  Thank you for the suggestion!  Now, it's bugging me to remember which one had a young Indiana Jones in the movie.  Haha! . Yes, that is a great one, too.  I remember seeing that one with my son. . Thank you for the suggestions!  You have a great day!
You should rewatch all the Jurassic Park movies before the new one!
Very true!
You're welcome!
Goodbye.
Have a great day!
Hello!  Are you looking for a movie suggestion?
hello . yes
What kind of movies do you like?
how about terror movies
I love those.  If you like old terror movies, you might like The Amityville Horror . . There is also a really funny movie that I saw at the urging of my newphew called Tucker & Dale vs. Evil .
yeah! but i need some new movies suggestion . like past year
Everybody seemed to love A Quiet Place .  I haven't seen it yet but plan to.
The Amityville Horror its a great movie i saw it couple of times
The previews look good for Winchester .  I have a friend who said she loved it.
but Tucker & Dale vs. Evil im not sure
It is really funny.  Watch the trailer for it.  It's a fresh take on the slasher genre. . I hope I've helped you out with a few of these suggestions?
yes! i will seek for those movies thanks
Wait, I'll suggest one more that was on Netflix last I looked:  Come Back to Me . It was surprisingly good!  It had a neat twist. . I hope you have a great day!  Goodbye.  Enjoy your movies!
hi there . any movie gender prefered? . you there?
HI . I like dramas like Forrest Gump and Saving Private Ryan
those are great movies
Do you know any others like them?
may i suggest The Pianist
I've never seen that one.
you like tom hanks movies soo i can suggest The Terminal and Philadelphia those are dramas too
I've never seen The Terminal but Philadelphia was good . Thank you! . Have a nice day!
same too you
Hello, what kind of movies do you like?
Hy, my friend. Long time no see. How are you doing? Yesterday I watched an awesome movie with my husband Murder on the Orient Express . Can you recommend something simmilar? . I also watched Murder on the Orient Express but I liked Murder on the Orient Express  more
If you like mysteries, maybe Gone Girl would be a good one. Have you seen that?
I watched Gone Girl and I also read a book. And you are absolutely right, I loved it . The Girl on the Train is similar as well. I like those kind of movies . So what else can you recommend me ?
I recommend L.A. Confidential or The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
I didn't like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo . But I haven't seen L.A. Confidential . Did you like it?
Yes, it's a more modern take on a noir mystery film. I think you will like it. . Does that suggestion sound good?
It does! Thank you very much! Enjoy your day!
Thank you, goodbye!
Hi How are you? . Can you recommend me a best comedy of 2017? . I watched Girls Trip . But I didn't like it . I am looking for something better
well, that is not the movie i was suggesting
What movie will you suggest?
Game night 2018
I watched Game Night , I absolutely loved it! Any other suggestions?
it was great, check out Baywatch
Thank you, I haven't seen this one ! Any other suggestions? I would like to have options
I want to see The Lego Batman Movie
I haven't seen Baywatch .
not a regular Batman fan though
Do you think The Lego Batman Movie is kids friendly? . Me neither
I think it is, with slight adult references like they all seem to have
That's true. In your opinion what is the best comedy of all times?
oh, I am a huge fan The Hangover and all of the sequels
HAHA I LOVE The Hangover . It's so fun with good humor . Did you watch The Hangover Part II or The Hangover Part III ?
Both, many many times but The Hangover is my absolute favorite
I agree!!! I loved all of them The Hangover , The Hangover Part II and The Hangover Part III , but The Hangover is definitely the best . As far as I can see we have a similar tastes, so I'll go with the one you recommended me from the beginning Baywatch . Thank you!
Take care
Hi! What types of movies do you like?
I like comedies. Can you suggest any good ones?
One of my favorites is The Jerk. Have you seen it?
I've never seen it
It's a bit older. Tropic Thunder is more recent and good. Have you seen that?
No I haven't. But it sounds good
Groundhog Day  and Napoleon Dynamite are also very good.
I've seen both of those! They are great!
Happy viewing! Bye!
Thank you! Have a great day!
Hello
hello
How are you? . What kind of movies are you looking for?
fine and you
Fine, thanks
what tipe of movie do you like watc . have you heard about Clip . or you prefer more like horror and those things
I love comedy movies . I love comedy movies . I love comedy movies . I love comedy movies . I love comedy movies . yes, it's good . yes, it's good . yes, it's good . yes, it's good . yes, it's good . yes, it's good . yes, it's good . yes, it's good . yes, it's good . yes, it's good . yes, it's good
watch Deadpool is so funny
Up is very good too
and Scary Movie
also you can watch Big . it's very funny . have a nice day my friend
Hello . How are you? . Would you like to discuss the type of movies that you like?  I am sure I can recommend something for you to watch.
hey great! I am looking for scary movies like Rosemary's Baby and The Exorcist . I also really liked The Exorcism of Emily Rose
I've always enjoyed A Nightmare on Elm Street and Friday the 13th . . Those are some great movies too. . I have always liked A Nightmare on Elm Street and Friday the 13th .
Oh yeah! Those are great ones! Classics!
Classic horror movies just have something special about them.
So true! Thank you so much for those great suggestions! . Have a great night! Goodbye!
Thank you have a great night and good bye.
Hello how are you?
Great thanks! How are you?
doing great.
Awesome! I just watched Bridesmaids and Pitch Perfect and was looking for something similar- you know any good ones? . I also loved Juno - that's a good one with a great soundtrack!
Those movies are so funny. . Let me think here I know there is one I am searching for.
A great comedy is always the way to go!
There is one I Feel Pretty it looks hilarious with Amy Schumer.
Oh wow! I haven't seen that but it does look hilarious!
I can't wait for it to come out.  Looks like it will be good for laughs.
Have you seen Trainwreck with Amy Schumer?
No I don't think so.  I guess I will have to check that out!
Yeah! Well, I'm going to look out for I Feel Pretty - thank you! . Have a great night! Goodbye!
Thank you too, havae a great night and goodbye.
Hey how are you?
I'm great and you?
I'm super- thanks! I love watching movies! What kind of movies are you looking for?
I love a little bit of everything, but how about a couple action movies.  Something fun for a movie night with friends.
I love action movies- I really like martial arts movies! Rush Hour is always a good one - funny and full of action!
I love that movie. . I love action as well I am obsessed with X-Men and have always wished I was a mutant, Haha!
Me too! Jackie Chan has always been one of my favorites! His newer one The Foreigner was a little darker, but good! . I LOVE comic movies! . Have you seen Avengers: Infinity War  yet?
No I haven't seen it yet.  I usually end up waiting til movies are on DVD. . Or on my Hulu.
I think you'll like it, and Deadpool 2 was pretty great too- even has some Xmen in there, haha! . That's always a great way to go to not spend so much on movies.
Oh yes I love the first one.
You'll love the second one too, I think!
Well I definitely have some ideas here.  Thank you.
Of course! Have a great night- goodbye!
Have a great night.  Good bye.
Hello.
Hey! How's it going?
Good and yourself?
great, thanks! . I absolutely love the Harry Potter  movies, and most movies based on great books- you have any ideas of a good one to watch tonight that's similar? . I really liked The Chronicles of Narnia  as well!
Those are great movies I never really got into them.  I always enjoyed reading my stephen king books and then watching those movies. . There are a number of great ones like Cujo .
I LOVE Stephen King!! I just got the new book The Outsider! . And I have a tattoo that says &quot;Constant Reader&quot;
Oh yes my father picked that one up.
Cut was great! I also loved Pet Sematary ! . I meant Cujo was great, haha!
I haven't seen Cut . oh haha well that explains it . I think that it's crazy he changed the ending for the movie because of all the death threats he received.
Stephen King is always awesome! Thanks for the reminder- now I have an idea of what to watch tonight! . YES! . Good old Stephen King lol
Awesome.  Well you have a great night. good bye.
Thanks - you too! Goodbye!
Hello
Hello, what kind of movies do you like?
I enjoy science fiction movies, especially ones with space ship combat.
Do you like the Star Wars movies especially?
They are not bad, but I tend to like Star Trek  movies more. Star Wars movies seem more fantasy to me than science fiction.
Oh so you like the movies that have a possibility of being real? What about movies like Interstellar
Is that the Christopher Nolan movie?  I have not seen it.  Is it good, hard science fiction?
I haven't seen the whole thing, but it involves wormholes. I heard it was a very good movie. What about movies like Gravity ?
I saw Gravity and thought it was pretty good. . Thank you for the Interstellar recommendation. I will have to check it out. . I enjoyed Christopher Nolan's other movie The Dark Knight
That is a good movie, have you seen all three? The Dark Knight Trilogy
Yes. I saw all 3. They were good, though I was a bit disappointed by The Dark Knight Rises
I enjoyed them too. It was nice talking with you!
Hello. What kind of movie are you looking for?
I'm looking for a good movie to watch on a date.
A romantic comedy then?
That sounds good. Do you know any good ones?
Have you seen Knocked Up
I have! That is super funny!
How about The 40-Year-Old Virgin ?  It is hilariously funny.
I haven't seen that one but I do love Steve Carell! Do you know any other movies with him in it?
He appears in Anchorman  and The Big Short
I haven't seen either of those. I really should watch them. . Thanks for the great ideas!
My pleasure!
Have a great night!
Good night
Hello! . What kind of movies do you like?
Hello how are you? . I like a little bit of everything.
I'm great!
I haven't seen anything like Young Guns in a long time. . Do you know anything similar to that?
Have you seen Tombstone ?
Oh yes I have that is also one of my favorites. . I love old western movies.  They are just so much fun to watch. . Another good one is The Good, the Bad and the Ugly .
El Dorado is another great movie!
Oh I have not seen that one. . I am going to have to look that one up for sure.
There is also The Outlaws
Oh yes that is a good one too.  Well that's great I think that will give me something to watch for a little bit. . Thank you so much.
You're welcome! Have a great night!
Good bye.
Hello how are you?
I'm great! You?
Same.
What kind of movies do you like?
I love it all but I am kind of in the mood for a romantic comedy.  Is there any chance you have something you could suggest?
When Harry Met Sally... is a great classic! Another good one is Love Actually . Have you seen those?
I have seen the first one but not the secondd.
It is really good.
I will have to check it out for sure.
There is also Pretty Woman
Oh I love Pretty Woman.
And Forgetting Sarah Marshall is really funny!
There is another one that comes to my mind that is more comedy than romance, its Love Stinks .  Such a great movie. . Oh yes I have seen that one too.
That is a good one!
That is a really funny movie. . Well it looks like I have a few options now.  Thank you so much. . Have a great night.  Good bye.
You're welcome! . Have a great night!
Hey how's it going?
Hello . Going good . How are you?
I'm great thank you.
What kind of movie are you interested in watching?
Any chance you know of some great comedies.  Something like Uncle Buck ? . Or something like Black Sheep ?
That's a funny movie! Have you seen Ferris Bueller's Day Off or National Lampoon's Vacation?
Yes those are both great movies.
Tommy Boy is also a super hilarious movie.
Oh my God yes I love Tommy Boy . . Awesome well thank you so much.  I think this will help me find something funny to watch.  Have a great night.
You're welcome and good night to you
god bye.
Hello how are you tonight?
I'm great. You?
Doing great. . Looking for some great movies to watch.
What kind of movies do you like?
I like everything but I'd like to watch some action movies something like X-Men .
The Wolverine is a great one. There is also Logan
I've seen The Wolverine but I haven't watched Logan yet. . Guess I'm going to have to finally check it out.
I really liked Wonder Woman and The Avengers
I've seen The Avengers but not Wonder Woman , not yet. . well awesome i will have to check those movies out for sure.
You need to see it. It is great! . Well, I hope I helped you find some great movies. . Have a great night!
I will definitely check these out.  Thank you so much for your help. . Good bye.
Hello there. How are you?
I'm great and you?
I'm good . What kind of movies do you like?
I like everything to be honest, but how about some comedies. . Something like The Waterboy or Little Nicky .
Do you like Adam Sandler? Happy Gilmore is a great one. And also Big Daddy and Grown Ups . Have you seen any of those?
I have seen them all and I have to say that I prefer Adam Sandler's older movies.
His older ones are pretty great. He has definitely changed with his newer movies.
Grown Ups is ok but it's not as good as his older movies like Billy Madison . . Well I think I am going to have to watch some old Adam Sandler flicks now.  Thank you so much. . Have a great night, good bye.
You too! Good bye
Hey how's it going?
Hello . Going good. How are you?
I'm great. . Can you suggest some good horror movies for me to watch?
There are some great classics like The Exorcist and The Shining
Oh yes those are both great movies. . I also used to love watching A Nightmare on Elm Street .
That is a great one.
Yes I always love my classic horror movies.
There is a newer one out based on an old classic. Have you seen It
Oh yes I had seen It  as a child so I couldn't wait to see the new It and I thought it was great. . Well Awesome I think I have some great ideas here for movies to watch.
Great!
Thank you so much.
Have a good night!
Good bye.
Hello how's it going?
hi how are you? . im good
I'm great.  What kind of movies do you like?
I like movies about doctors. Do you know of any good ones? . I really liked Patch Adams
That is a great movie and one of the first ones that came to mind for me.
Flatliners was pretty cool...definitely a different genre.
Have you ever seen Girl, Interrupted it is about an asylum so you see the Doctors and the patients. . I have not seen Flatliners
I have not but i've always heard good things
How about The Hospital? It looks like it would be a very good Dramatic Comedy.
i've never seen that either . I think I will check out both of them!
Awesome.
I'm going to go watch them now. Thanks for the suggestion. . Good bye!
Well I hope you like the movies.
hi how are you?
I'm great. How are you?
awesome . what kind of movies are you into?
I'm really interested in watching a dramatic movie, like The Martian . Can you make any suggestions?
That was a really good movie. Have you seen Downsizing ?
No I haven't seen that one.
Red Sparrow is also supposed to be amazing!
I haven't seen that one either! I need to watch these! . Do you know any others?
One other one that I really loved was Interstellar . have you seen it?
I have seen that one! That was a great movie! . Thank you! I'll have to look into those other movies
Great. Have a good night. Goodbye!
hi how are you?
Hello. How are you?
im good
I'm good . What kind of movies do you like?
i'm looking to watch an awesome action movie. Something like Fast 8 or maybe The Terminator
Have you seen Terminator Genisys?
No I have not . any other recommendations?
It is pretty good. Also try Collateral Damage
awesome. I haven't see that either! . I will check both of those out....right now!
Great! . Enjoy! And have a good night!
Thanks for your help . goodbye!
Good Morning . Are you looking for a certain type of movie?
Hello . good morning
I just saw Early Man , it was pretty cute.
oh i like crimes . do you habe some recommendations?
oh, have you seen Making a Murderer on Netflix? . It's long, but very interesting
i have seen that one i like it
Murder on the Orient Express was good too
can you recommend something like The Godfather
Scarface ! . Pulp Fiction , Taxi Driver
Scarface
Have you seen them?
THats a great recommendation . Thanks
No problem
i will watch it tonight! . Bye!
Great, have a good day
Hi there . What kind of movies do you like?
Hi there, I like The Shawshank Redemption
I like movies the whole family can enjoy. Jumanji, for example.
Yes I love Jumanji ,Jack black was so hilarious
Have you seen The Green Mile ? . Or Schindler's List ?
Yes I love The Green Mile, I cried so hard when they executed him . I have seen Schindler's List too, you must like sad monvies
Well, they are sort of along the same line as The Shawshank Redemption
Yes Titanic is my all time favorite
maybe The Godfather
Well it was nice meeting you
Yes, you also. Have a good day.
how do we end
Hello! . What kind of movies do you like?
Hello . I love action movies
Oh, those are great!  If you are in the mood for an old-school movie, I would recommend Die Hard .
And movies with dark comedies like Juno
If you want something more recent, there is that movie with the train called Unstoppable .
I have seen it, it's great!
Juno  was great, too. . If you don't mind gore, one of my favorite dark movies is Fargo .
although Saw change the all terror type of movies . Fargo is great!!
Yes, I agree.  I am not a huge fan of Saw  to be honest. . I don't mind gore, but that one was just gore for gore's sake, if that makes sense.  I guess I'm getting old.
I hope you have a nice day my friend!!
You, too! . Goodbye.
Hello
Hello!
Do you like comedy movies?
I do.  I'm in the mood for a comedy from the 80's. . Do you have any suggestions?
Juno  is a great movie . from the 80's? Let me think
That is a good movie.  I like movies like Stripes .
Big is a great movie with Tom Hanks
Any comedy from the 80's is probably something I would like.  I'm in a nostalgic mood. . Oh, that is a great movie!
Yes, it is nice to rewatch old movies
Of course, Ghostbusters  was my favorite forever. . I think I saw it 3 times when it was in the theater. . I guess I love Bill Murray.
Other good comedy movie is Fargo , although is from the 90's . I hope you have a nice day my friend
You, too!!  Goodbye.
Hello
Good morning! . I'm in the mood for a movie with Mel Gibson.  Any suggestions?
Do you like comed movies? . Braveheart is the best movie of Mel Gibson, he also directed
I do!  I really loved him in that movie Forever Young  which was a comedy. . Believe it or not, I don't believe I've seen Braveheart . . I've heard it's good.
Other good movie of Mel is Mad Max . You have to see it
Yes, I love Mad Max . . I will have to queue up Braveheart .
He didn't star it but he directed The Passion of the Christ
I also enjoyed Lethal Weapon .  He's great with Danny Glover.  Makes a great pair.
It was a very good movie . Yes, you right! . I hope ou have a nice day my friend
I think I did finally see The Passion of the Christ .  It's been awhile. . Thank you!  You have a great day!  Goodbye!
Hello
Good morning! . I'm in the mood to see a movie.  Any suggestions?
Do you like comedy movies?
I do like comedy movies as well as others. . We really enjoyed Daddy's Home .
Of course, you have to see The Dark Knight
Yes, that is a good movie. . We really love Will Ferrill here.
In comedy, Juno is a very good movie, with a profond message
Juno  is good. . I like silly comedies like Airplane! , also.
And Daddy's Home 2 is very good too! . Those oldies comedy movies are great! . I hope you have a very nice day my friend
Oh, we didn't like Daddy's Home 2 very much unfortunately.  My son liked it, but I felt like every funny scene was shown in the previews. . You have a great day, too!  Goodbye!
Hello!  How are you?
Hi! What type of movies do you like?
I'm in the mood for a movie with ghosts.  For example, The Amityville Horror  was great, but it can be other genres, too. . Doesn't have to be a horror movie. . But, I do love horror!  Horror comedy is also great.
Have you seen The Others ?
Oh, yes, but not in a long time.  That was a great movie with a smart twist at the end. . That's a good one.  Can you think of something else? . My son loves Casper .  I'm not sure if I'm in the mood for that, though.
What about The Lost Boys? (It's an 80s thing)
That is one of my all-time favorite movies EVER.  Great soundtrack, too. . No ghosts in it, but you have excellent taste.  Love Kiefer Sutherland.
It's not ghosts, but have you seen A Quiet Place ?
I have not seen it.  I've heard it's good.  Did you see it?
Yes. It's good. Some plot holes, so don't think about it too much, but it's fun.
I think we're going to queue up The Others  today.  Thank you for the suggestions!  You have a great day!  You are appreciated.
Thanks! Bye!
Have you seen Avengers: Infinity War ?
hello . yes i have i like that one . But i have a date tonight . so i am looking for a romantic comedy . something like How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days
Have you watched Failure to Launch ? That's a pretty similar movie.
Yes i have thats something like The Wedding Planner . its good
Yes. I also like Wedding Crashers  but that movie is a bit more risque.
Oh i have heard of it . but i havent seen it . is it any good?
It is very funny. . Do you like Hugh Grant rom-coms? Notting Hill  is an excellent one.
Yes thats a perfect choice . for me tonight . THanks! . Bye!
Goodbye.
hi there! . How are you?
hello . I'm good. you?
I'm awesome. . What type of movies are you into?
I'd love to watch a good comedy now. Can you suggest any? . Maybe something like Forgetting Sarah Marshall
Ah, I love that one! . Have you seen I Love You, Man ?
No I haven't. It looks good though.
Step Brothers is also one of my favs
I haven't seen that one either.
Another really good one is The House
I've never seen that one either. . Looks like I have a few movies to check out! Thank you
No problem. Have a good one. Good bye!
Hello!
hello
What kind of movies do you like?
to my like the movies to horror . do you watch the movie of It
I love horror movies, too.  I'm most knowledgeable about older ones, but I know a few more recent ones.  Did you see A Quiet Place ? . I didn't see It , but I did see It and that was great.
yes is a watch all thas movies
Have you ever seen The Cabin in the Woods ?  That movie is crazy good.
good . good bye . good movies
Another great horror movie is The Amityville Horror .
yes i watch thas movie an i dead to horror
Of course, I prefer the original to the one from 2005, but it is okay.
ok thanks . god bye
Thank you!  Good bye.
good bye
Good afternoon!
hello . good afternoon
I'm interested in seeing a movie that has an animal as the lead.  Kind of like Benji  but it definitely can be newer than that.
what tipe of movies do you like wacth
I'm just in the mood for a movie with animals today.  I have my 11-year old and wanting to play something wholesome for him. . He would prefer something not so wholesome, but I think I can sway him.  (He likes action)
do you wacth Jurassic Park
I also liked Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey
is a good movie
Jurassic Park is a good suggestion, and he would love the gore and violence.  Haha! . I don't believe he's seen it, either.  It's a good one to play for him.
hahaha and Jumanji
Yes, lots of animals in Jumanji !  Those are great suggestions!
good bye
thank you so much.  You are appreciated! . Good bye.
thanks . good bye
Hi. Any plans for the weekend?
Hey there, i'm looking for movies like Fellowship of the Ring (2001) because I loved it. Do you know of any other good fantasy movies?
Did you see Pan's Labyrinth
I've never seen Pan's Labyrinth . did you watch The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
Loved it. And The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug
I love Tokien's movies.
What about Blade Runner 2049
Oh! I want to see that one really badly. I never got the chance to.
I love Harrison Ford.
Me too. : )
You could always check out Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
Thank you for the suggestions! I'll talk to you later.
have a good night
Hello! . What kind of movies are you into?
i like movies of horror
I love a good horror movie. . Have you ever seen Get Out ?  Scary stuff, and it won some awards, I believe.
how It  or The Purge
Yes, I  loved The Purge .
ye i watch thas movie is very good
Have you seen The Purge: Anarchy ?  That was a good follow-up.
is a good movie
I almost think it was better than the original. . You could go for an old movie like Rosemary's Baby  baby, too. . Well, I hope I helped!
i think what the movie of Scary Movie  is no very good . ok thanks
Yes, I agree.  I usually like spoofs, but it was too much.
good bye
You have a great day!  Goodbye!
yes thanks . good bye
Hi. . Ocean's 8 comes out on Friday
Titanic was a good movie, although I did not particularly like it, because it was sad. Do you know of any happier romance movies? . Ermagerd! Ocean's 8 I've never seen. I hope you enjoy it!
I really love The Princess Bride
I love that one too. : )
Emeagerd. Is that a The Music Man reference?
I'm not sure... but I've never seen The Music Man
No. It's Hello, Dolly! . Walter Mattheau and Barbara Streisand
Awww, you like all of the oldies. : ) . I beleive I've seen that one, and liked it.
And musicals. Geek that I am . you should check one of them out.
I certainly will! Thank you.
hello
Hello, how are you? . I'm in the mood for a musical.
i am fie and you
As an example of a recent one that I liked, I loved La La Land .  But, I love all musical, recent or old.
do you like the movies with music
Yes, I do.
i can recommender Camp Rock
Another great one was Mamma Mia! .  I love Abba and that movie was so smart. . I don't think I've seen Camp Rock .  It is a musical? . I'll have to look it up.
or High School Musical  . is a good movie and have very music
I never actually saw High School Musical  .  I should look that up.
and do you no like the movies of horror
Those are two good suggestions!  I also love the 70's musicals like Grease . . Thanks for the suggestions!  Have a great day!
thaks
I do like horror movies, too.
good bye
Good bye!
Hi. . What's your favorite movie?
My favorite is actually F ellowship of the Ring . What is yours?
West Side Story
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring  that is. . Iv'e never actually seen that one.
Have you ever scene This Is Spinal Tap
No. Is it good?
I think it's kind of sci-fi-ish.
Hmmm. Sort of like Twilight Zone: The Movie
Except a little weirder
Lol, my Dad and I love to watch the old ones. . Thank you for the suggestions! Hope you enjoy your evening.
Hello!
Hey there, i'm looking for movies like The Village age or Red because I loved those. Do you know of any other good fairy tail movies?
I'm in the mood for a movie about summertime.  Something like Meatballs , or maybe even Dirty Dancing
Oooh! Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights
Oh, yes, I liked The Village . . That sounds good.
Both the dirty dancing movies were good.
Did you see The Witch ?  It reminds me of The Village just because of the setting.
I've never ween The Witch
It is frightening.  My niece hated it because it was so scary.  I thought it was cool.
These are all great recommendations. Thank you and have a good evening.
Hello!  How are you?
Hey there. I'm doing well. Can I recommend a movie for you?
I'm looking for a great old movie. . Any suggestions?
Hmmmm, such as Breakfast at Tiffany's ? . I loved that movie.
Yes, that's a good suggestion. . I also like suspense from Alfred Hitchcock like North by Northwest
Or maybe old as in Chitty Chitty Bang Bang ?
Oh, I LOVE Chitty Chitty Bang Bang !
I've never seen north by northwest, actually.
I don't think my son has ever seen it, either.  I have to look for that one.
We watched Chitty as kids, lol.
North by Northwest  is worthy of a look.  It is one of my all-time favorites. . Oh, and you can't mention older movies without mentioning Casablanca .  Such a perfect movie.
I will definitely give that one a look. . Omg! A classic.
You have provided some great suggestions!  I do appreciate it!
Thank you and have a good evening.
Thank you and have a great day.  Goodbye!
Good afternoon.  What sort of movie are you in the mood for?
Hey there, i'm looking for movies like Tron n or Transformers mers because I loved those.
Oh, yes!  I loved Tron  but I admit I never watched Transformers .
I really enjoy the technology movies.
I have to say, if you haven't seen Tron: Legacy , I loved it.  I know the reviews weren't always kind, but I personally enjoyed it.
I will look into that one!
What about The Matrix ?  That is such a cool movie.
That's a good one too. . Thank you for the suggestions!
And, I like robot movies like I, Robot . . Thank you!  You have a great day!
I've never seen that one, but okay have a great one.
Goodbye!
Hey there. Can I recommend something to watch?
Hello!  I'm looking for a good movie based on a book.
Hmmmm. I don't suppose you like Twilight ?
An example of that would be The Cider House Rules .  I read the book and saw the movie.  The book was better.
I certainly didn't, lol. . Oh, I've never seen that one.
Yes, I actually do like Twilight .  I haven't seen that in awhile.  Read the series.  My guilty pleasure.
Haha, well to each her own.
Right! . If you have ever seen The World According to Garp , The Cider House Rules is by the same author, John Irving.
Another movie that is based on a book is Old Yeller
Oh, that one makes me cry EVERY TIME.  Yeah, I'll pass, not in a crying mood.  Haha!
That one was one of my favorites growing up, Old yeller, that is. . Haha! I know.
We used to watch it every time it was on, too. . Thank you for the suggestions! . You have a great afternoon.  Goodbye!
I've never seen The World According to Garp . You too! Good night.
Goodbye!
Hello!
hello
What kind of movies are you into?
how are you
I'm doing well, thanks!  I hope you are, too.
to my like the movies of horror
Oh, that's a great category.
an you . and you sorry
I could suggest Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street with Johnny Depp.  It's a  musical, but it has lots of gore.
movies how It
You could also see Get Out.
good
Oh, yes, the clown movie was great.  Haha!
fine i need a movie of very very horror
I did see that one.  I had to remind myself.  You would like Mama .  It is very scary and has a monster that stalks some kids, if I remember correctly.
wooo thas is my movie favorita . thank have a great day
Isn't that the one where the monster is looking after some girls?  It's been awhile.
good bye
You, too!  Take care and good bye!
good bye
hello . how are you
Hey there. I'm looking for Hugh Jackman movies like The Wolverine  or Logan   . I really liked those.
good . do you watch X-Men  . movies of action
Sid you ever see X-Men  ? I think I saw it when I was younger, but didn't like it.
or Matilda . is a good movie . what do you think
I never watched Matilda
or Harry Potter
Thank you for the suggestions. Good evening.
have a great day . good bye
hello . how are yo . you
Hello!  I'm good.  I'm looking for a Kevin Bacon movie.
what tipe os movies do you like
I was thinking about him because we saw Stir of Echoes  again recently. . I remember it was a good scary movie that didn't do as well because The Sixth Sense  was out at the same time and everybody went crazy for that movie.
Clip
But, I've always loved Kevin. . I haven't seen that one.  It's good?
do you like kevin . yes is very good
I'll have to check it out.
how Jumanji
Oh, that's a classic.  Was he in that movie?
is a good movie
I don't think he was, but it is a good movie.
or Pitch Perfect  . ok i have a great day
Another great Kevin Bacon movie is Slum.
good bye
Sorry, that should be Sleepers . Good bye!
Good bye
Hello. Have you seen any scary movies recently? Like Annabelle ?
No, I have not
Do you enjoy scary movies?
I don't like scary movies. The last scary movie I saw was The Ring
I saw that movie. It was scary. . How about The Avengers ? . Do you like superhero movies?
I did see that movie. It was good . I love superhero movies
Me too! Did you watch Black Panther ?
Yes I did. It was really good . I also saw Deadpool 2
Oh man. I haven't seen it yet but I want to,
It is honestly the best movie I have seen in awhile. Except sometimes the gore is a little too much
I agree. . It was nice chatting movies with you. Have a good day!
You too!
Have you seen Borat
No, I have not.
Dang that movie is so funny . One of the funniest movies ever made.
I don't really think I like that type of humor. I saw bits and pieces of the movie when it came on tv . Have you seen Tropic Thunder
Yes . Well I have seen about 45 minutes of it before I decided to turn it off because I did not find it funny. . We have different type of humor I guess.
I haven't seen it either. But I heard it was really good
Ah . It depends , I just don't like Jack Black so him being in the movie is not a good thing
Oh. I like Robert Downey Jr, so that got me interested in it
Yea . He is pretty good in it from what i remember. Tom Cruise was the best part . I will probably finish that movie someday .
Have you seen Jack Reacher ? That was pretty good
No I have not actaully. i Have seen all the Mission: Impossible  movie series . Really excited for the next one coming out in a month
I have seen most of the mission impossible movies. The new one looks really good
Yea the 4th and the 5th one are so good. One of my most favorite action movies I have ever seen in a theater. . Have you seen A Quiet Place by any chance?
Haven't seen it, but I want to. Just didn't feel it was worth seeing in theaters
Yea thats what I was thinking but I have been told my multiple people that its worth seeing in theater so I am probably going tomorrow. . Have you by any chance seen Minority Report ?
I didn't know it was still playing. . I have not seen that . Thanks for the good conversation!
No problem . Thanks to you too.
Hello. Since you are in this chat. If you dont mind me asking , what is your favorite movie of 2017?
I think it was Avengers: Infinity War . Oops, you said 2017 . I don't remember what my favorite from last year was
Yea this year is not completed yet so I did not want to ask for this year. . That's fine . it is hard to remember . I did like Infinity War , It is probably my favorite of this year along with A Quiet Place . Have you seen it yet?
I have not seen that yet, but I want to. It looks good
Yea . It is really good , you should check it out while it still in theater. It wont be the same in your house.
I'll see if I can find the time to see it
Have you seen Deadpool 2 by any chance this year?
Yes I have. It was great
Yea . I loved it too although I personally thought the first one was better.
I don't know which one was better, but this one definitely did not disappoint like most sequels do
Yea not at all. I personally liked the first one better but the second was really good .
I'm having a difficult time coming up with a recent movie to ask you about . Have you seen Coco
Thats fine. I can ask you about a movie. I see a lot in my free time. . Yes , I loved that movie.
I saw that it is coming to Netflix, so I'll watch it soon
It is probably my favorite movie by pixar of this decade excluding Inside Out.
I haven't seen that one either. The previews didn't appeal to me though . Thanks for the good conversation!
Yea the previews did not appeal to me either but I was shocked by the movie. . Thank You .
Hello!
Hello ! . What is your favorite movie of 2018 so far?
Hmmm.  I'm not sure.  I haven't been to the movies in awhile.  Tonight, I'm interested in seeing something with a serial killer. . An example of a movie like this that I like is The Silence of the Lambs .
Yes , i have seen that movie . It is good. . Have you by any chance seen Zodiac ?
No, I don't believe I have. . That sounds like a good one, though .  I've heard of the Zodiac killer.
It is about a serial Killer and it has Robert Downey Jr and it is directed by David Fincher . You will love it
Nice! . I like fantasy serial killers, too, like Freddy in A Nightmare on Elm Street . . Although, I should say that movie hasn't aged well.  It's more campy than scary now. . It was scary back in the day, though.
I dont really know much off the top of my head about fantasy serial killers. But have you seen The Cabin in the Woods . Its a horror movie about a killer and they have to find out who is the killer
I wonder if it is based on the Zodiac killer?  I believe that was a true killer.
Yea that movie Zodiac is based on the Zodiac Killer
I'll check it out. . I also like the classics like Halloween  and Friday the 13th . . Thank you for the suggestion!
Dang I have not seen many classics . But I do think you should check out Saw
I'm not a huge fan of that one unfortunately. . I don't mind gore, but when I started watching that one, I just had to turn it off.  I must be getting old.  I used to not mind it.  Something about that movie. . I'm definitely checking out Zodiac .  It helps that I love Robert Downey Jr., too.
Yea that makes sense. Well I hope you check out some of the movies I told you . They are really amazing and I loved them.
You have a great night!  I will . . Goodbye!
You too. Thanks for the conversation.
Hello how are you?
good thank you. What did you think of the last james bond movie Spectre
I haven't seen it to be honest. . I do like action movies but have always preferred super hero type. . Something like X-Men .
Did you see Wonder Woman
Oh, no.  I want to for sure but haven't really seen anything that came out sice 2016. Haha . *since
I really liked X-Men: Days of Future Past
Oh yes I loved that one too.  I suppose my favorite was The Wolverine.  But there are more that I haven't watched yet.
Hope you find something you like. nice chatting with you
Well Thank you.  Have a great night. . Good bye.
Goodnight
Hi.
Hey
Can you reccommend a good movie for girls night out?
If you are into black comedies you can check out Girls Trip
I heard that was funny.
yeah it is. I like to rewatch Bring It On every once in a while . And my girl friends like to watch Twilight  and give funny commentary
I can't with Kristen Stuart. The only thing I've ever liked her in was Panic Room . They should CGI her out of Twilight
We watch Twilight to just to crack jokes at her and the acting . lol probably. . You can try watching Mulan just cause
Aww. Love that one. . Legally Blonde  is on the list too
Oh yeah, that one is good too . Hope you have an enjoyable girls' night . these are some good selections
Thanks for the suggestoins.
Hi
Hi. Who's your favorite comedy team?
I liked Adam Sandler's earlier stuff like Happy Gilmore and Seth Rogen's This Is the End had some good funny parts
My dad was a huge Marx Brothers fan. My sisters knew all the lines to Duck Soup
What do you like?
I like con movies like Ocean's Eleven and The Sting
Oh I thought you were a comedy fan since you asked for comedy stuff but I like con movies too . did you see Catch Me If You Can
Yes. I saw it on Broadway too
Wow that's sweet. Plus I think of Inception is sorta like a con movie lol
I love that move even though I had to watch it about five times to really get it. . Nice chatting with you. Talk later.
Okay np
hello . how are you
Hey
what tipe of movies do you like watch
Just finished watching Airplane! you know any other comedy movies or parody stuff?
Resident Evil  is very good
I like horror and I saw that one but right now I am in a comedy mood
Scary Movie  is all what you search . or Mama
Oh my gosh yes! I love that movie and the few sequels it has
good job thanks have a great day . good job thanks have a great day
I liked Mama as well so I guess a mix of comedy and horror movies never hurt . Thank you
good bye
Hello, how are you?
fine and you
I'm great, thanks. . What kind of movies do you like?
to my like movies of comedy . how Scary Movie
How about Happy Gilmore have you ever seen this one? . It's hilarious Adam Sandler is great.
good movie is so funny
I have seen Scary Movie  that's a funny one.  If you like movies like that you would like Superhero Movie .
more how Clip
I don't know that one I have never heard of it.
thanks have a great day
You too thank you.
good bye
Good bye.
good bye
hello
Hello how are you?
how are you . fine and you
I'm great thanks. . Can you suggest any good comedies for me?
good . what tipe of movies do you like watch
How about some comedies.
fine
I really like the movie Uncle Buck .
do you watch Scary Movie
Yes I have seen that movie.
or Jumanji
It's ok it has some funny moments. Not a real great comedy though. . Nope I haven't seen that one either yet.
and Big Mama
I like some of the older ones like The Great Outdoors .
what you think about thas movie
But thank you.
ok
You have been a big help.
good bye
Have a great night.  Good bye.
good bye
hello . how are you
Hey, how's it going? . I'm great, thanks.
what tipe of movies do you like watch
You know any good action packed super hero movies? something like X-Men: The Last Stand ?
ooo good
Or The Dark Knight , I have always loved Batman.
Logan
I actually have not watched that one yet but I have meant t.
Avengers: Infinity War
I will have to check that one out too . Awesome that you so much.
your welcom . have a great nigt
Good Bye.
good bye
Hey, How's it going? What type of movies are you into?
hi . good nigth . to my like the movies of horror how It or Mama . can you help me . please
Oh yes those are some good movies.  I have always loved horror movies. . Have you seen the classics like A Nightmare on Elm Street ?
yes to my like thas movies . good fine
Or another great movie Friday the 13th .
more please . good movie
And I really loved The Last House on the Left . I hope this helped you out. . I hope this helped you out.
thanks  have a great night . good bye
You too, good bye.
hello . how are you . good night
Hello, I;m great and yourself?
what tipe of movies do you like watch . please
A little bit of everything, but I'd love suggestions for a good romantic comedy.  Maybe something like Love Stinks .
Avengers: Infinity War you watch thas movie . ok movies about love
No I haven't. Not really what I'm looking for.
Fifty Shades Freed . is very good an hot thas movie . what you think
Is it romantic comedy or just raunchy romance  because I don't want that either. . Something funny and playful, you know.  Like 50 First Dates
comedy how Scary Movie  . ok have a great nigth . good night
Yes you too.  Good bye.
good bye
hi
Hey, how's it going?
how are you? . good
I'M GREAT THANKS.
What kind of movies are you into?
I like a little bit of everything. . But how about some action movies, you anything good?
I like action.
I love movies like X-Men and The Dark Knight .
Have you seen Thor: Ragnarok or Spider-Man: Homecoming ?
No I haven't seen anything newer then 2016, haha I'm horrible. . But I will have to check those out I am sure I can get them on my hulu by now.
The new thor one just landed on Netflix.
Oh Awesome I will have to check that out than.
Anyways, hope that helps. . Take care. Goodbye.
Yeah that definitely helps me out thank you.
Hey, how's it going?
hello . how are you . how are you
I'm good thanks what type of movie are you looking for?
to my like movies of horror how It or Mama . can you help me . please . say yes
Oh those are good Movies have you seen the original It . It has the whole story in one movie.
a need a movies what i dead of horror . i look thas movie is soy good
But also If you like horror The Forest is a really good one too.
more please . thanks have a great nigth . good bye
you too thanks, good bye. . You too thanks, good bye.
good bye
Hey how's it going?
hey . good . how about yourself?
Doing great. What type of movie are you looking for?
I really like super hero movies. . Something like Avengers: Infinity War or Iron Man
I love super heros, have you seen all of the X-Men movies.  I am obsessed with those ones I have always wanted to be a mutant.
Yes I love those.
Otherwise I really like the movie Watchmen, I think I am recalling the correct movie, haha. It has been a while since I have watched it.
oh . I've never seen that one but have been meaning to . I will take your suggestion and check that one out.
Yes you will have to check it out for sure. . You have a great night.  Good Bye.
Thanks for the suggestion . good bye.
Hey how's it going?
hello . re you . how are you . sotty . i am . appy
What kind of movies are you looking for?
sorry i am happy for this night . to my like movies of horror how It or Mama . can you help me
Ok yeah I have seen both of those movies.  I love horrors. . Have you seen The Boy ?
yes please
It is a really great creepy movie.
yes more . please . thas movie is fine
Another really good one is The Forest . It's super creepy and just kind of gets inside your head.
thanks . have a great nigth . good bye
Yeah, you're welcome have a great night and good bye.
good bye
hi there
Hey how are you doing?
how are you? . im good
I'm great, thanks.
i'm looking for help picking out a movie
I'm your gal than. . I love movies and I've seen a ton.
I really like steven spielberg. Can you suggest something by him. Something like E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial . I really like Jurassic Park
Yes those are both really great movies.
definitely
Have you ever watched Close Encounters of the Third Kind ? This has got to be a classic.
i have but its been a long time.
Or the movie Saving Private Ryan ? This one always gets me right in the feels.
Yeah. That one is a tear jerker. . I like those suggestions. . I will check those out. . thanks for your help. goodbye.
Awesome. I'm happy to help. . Good bye.
Hello, how are you?
hey im good . how are you?
Doing good.  Thinking of having a movie night with friends.
very cool . what sort of movies do you like?
Could you suggest a couple of good action packed movies and maybe a couple comedies?
how about Fast 8 or Rocky . Step Brothers is super funny
Oh I love Rocky but haven't seen the other one yet.
yeah
Yes I love Step Brothers it is one of my all time favorite movies.
if you like that one I Love You, Man is a great one too!
Oh I don't think I have ever seen that one I will have to check that out.
its really good
Thank you so much I definitely have some great ideas.
great . glad I could help . have a good night. Goodbye.
Have a good night, Good bye.
Hey how's it going?
hi . how are you
I'm great thanks.
can you help me
What kind of movies are you into?
with a movie of horror
Sure I love horror flicks.
how It . or Mama
Have you seen the Original one It . It is a really great movie. . Yeah you really love those 2 movies, hopefully you take these suggestions and watch some others.
is a good movie but is very old
Maybe something like The Texas Chainsaw Massacre .
ok fine . ok . perfec
It is really gory and scary and just a great horror movie.
have a great nigth . good bye
Good Bye.
good bye
hello . how are you
Hello how are you doing?
good nigth
I'm great, thank you for asking.
i am worker
Ok, can you suggest some movies for me.
what tipe of movies do you like watch
I like all types of movies. . Do you know any good comedies?
ihow horror . Scary Movie  . is the best movie in the comedy
Oh yeah I have seen that one it's ok. . Kind of like a really stupid sort of humor.
or Big Mama
Oh yeah. I have seen that one too.
Eclipse is very good to
Do you know of anything like Uncle Buck or The Great Outdoors ? Classic comedies.
or horror how It . good nigth . i have a great nigth
Yeah have a good night. . good bye.
good bye
Hello, how are you?
i am fine and you . can you help me with a movie . please
I'm doing well. And sure. What kind of movies do you like?
to my like movies of horror and comedy
For a horror movie I would recommend The Last House on the Left
Scary Movie  . good thas movie is relly good . other
For another horror movie you also might like Scream
perfec is my movie favorite . other please
A good comedy movie I could recommend would be Bridesmaids
ok have a great night thanks . good bye
You too
Hello!
Good Morning . Could you help me with a recommendation for a good musical?
Have you by any chance seen Avengers: Infinity War ? . Ohh . A musical . I would always say La La Land . It is a new movie and It is just fabulous.
I really like classics like Rent , Grease . I haven't seen much of the newer ones. I might give La La Land a try
Yes. Those are great movies , but I am not exactly a huge musical fan so I can' really tell you a lot about it. . If you like disney. You can give the new Beauty and the Beast  a try. . It was pretty well made. . Since you like classics. I assume you have already seen Chicago . Thats another great one.
Oh that is a good suggestion too, Beauty and the Beast . I've seen it, but it was great. . and yes, Chicago ! . Thanks for the suggestion of La La Land . I'm going to check it out soon.
No Problem. . Goodbye. Thanks for the conversation.
Hi how are you?
Hi . Im great and you?!
I'm awesome, thank you! . What kind of movies do you enjoy?
I really like comedy and action!
Great selection!  Have you seen Deadpool 2  or Deadpool both were amazing!
Yes! Well I didn't see the first one. But loved it!!! . have you seen Jumanji
No, I have seen Jumanji which was amazing. . Looking forward to the new one.
Its super great!!! my favorite action movie is Inception
I also can't wait for Super Troopers 2  I hope its as good as Super Troopers
Have you seen it?!
Oh yes, that was  a great film! . I love anything with Leonardo DiCaprio in it!
hmm never seen Super Troopers. I will definitely check it out . omg me tooo!! he is such a great actor
Awesome, happy watching!
you too! bye !
Take care, bye.
Hi . How are yuou . you*
Hi, I'm great. . How are you?
I'm good thanks for asking :)
I really love movies like Super Troopers  can't wait for the new Super Troopers 2 . What would you recommend? . I also love stoner comedies How High  and Pineapple Express
The Hangover is great!!
I recently saw Girls Trip  which was hilarious too.
Have you watched it?!
Oh yes, I love the Hangover movies
Girls trip is my fave I could not stop laughing
Right! Tiffany is just too funny!
Have you seen Bandits ?!
No, I don't believe I have.
Too funny for her own good!!
I'll have to check it out. . Right! She so is! Love her honesty!
Do you like adam sandler?!
Her story is amazing! . Yes, I love Adam!
Vacation is great
Oh, I'll have to check it out.  Never seen it.
Grown Ups 2 hilarious!!
I've only seen Grown Ups but I'll have to check part 2 out. . Thanks for the recommendations! . Have a great day!
Thank you! . you too bye :)
Hi, how are you?
I'm great and yourself?
I've recently watched Deadpool 2  which was amazing so I must start off with that recommendation. . I'm amazing! Thanks for asking. . What kind of movie genre do you enjoy?
Oh I have seen the first one and I loved it.
Yes, Deadpool was epic.
I can't wait to see the new one.  I like a little bit of everything.
You have to check part two out. . I love a good comedy like Girls Trip  or Game Night . Have you seen any of those?
I will for sure, I'm more likely to wait until I can stream it on Hulu. . No. . I haven't seen anything new since 2016.
What is your favorite movie all time?
Ha ha ha. I'm horrible
You're fine. LOL. I'm a movie junkie tho!
Right now just thinking of Donnie Darko I don't know that it is actually my favorite but it's up there.
Oh, nice choice. . Well, definitely catch some of my recommendations when you can. . I'm sure you'll enjoy. . Thanks for the chat.
I will for sure thank you.
Have a great day.
Hey, how's it going?
Hello, how are you? . It's going great, thanks!
I'm doing great.  What kind of movies you looking for?
So, I love movies like Girls Trip Pineapple Express and Super Troopers . I can't wait for Super Troopers 2 . I love a good comedy, especially stoner flicks.
Oh my god those are all great movies and I agree I can't wait for Super Troopers 2 .
You have any recommendations? . Right!!
Have you ever seen Sex Drive ? It's a funny movie about a boy going on a road trip to meet a woman for his first time and lose his virginity.
I also enjoy a good animated movie like The Incredibles  I'm also geeked for Incredibles 2 . Nope, never even heard of it. . I will have to look that one up and check it out, for sure.
Or I also really like Superhero Movie it parodies classic super hero movies, so funny.
Ah, haven't seen that either.  Will add it to my list. . Thanks for the recommendations. . Have a great day, bye.
Hey how's it going?
Hello, how are you? . It's going great, thanks for asking! . How about yourself? . I love comedies like Pineapple Express
Great, thank you. . Oh that's great you like Step Brothers ?
I also love Super Troopers can't wait for the Super Troopers 2
Same, totally awesome movie.
Yes, that was a great movie.
I love that one so hilarious. . Do you like older comedies? . Have you ever seen Uncle Buck ?
Yes, it's a classic.  I love anything with Will, like Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy . Yes, it's a classic.  I love anything with Will, like Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy
Oh, Yes I love that movie too. . So funny.
That's with John Candy right?
Yes.
Haha, yes a classic... like National Lampoon's Vacation
Oh my god yes.  Great movies.  Have you seen Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas ?
I love all of those especially National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation
Not exactly a comedy lol.
No, but I'll have to check it out. . Thanks for the recommendations! . I'll check them out. . Have a great day, bye.
Hello,  how are you? . What kind of movies do you enjoy? . I'll start by recommending Black Panther and Deadpool 2 both are top recommendations for me . Have you seen either of those? . If you like comedies, I'd have to suggest another all time favorite of mine Super Troopers and How High
hello
Hi!
how are you . i am fine . to my like movies of horror
Oh and there is a new Super Troopers 2  coming I can't wait to see it
how
Oh, I see.
It . thanks for the movies
I didn't see the new one but I loved the original It movie
have a grat day . good bye
bye.
hello . how are you
I'm great. . Thanks for asking. . How are you?
what tipe of movies do you like
I love movies like How High and Pineapple Express and of course Girls Trip . I guess you can say I enjoy good stoner movies.
It horror or Mama or Jumanji
For instance, Super Troopers  and I can't wait for Super Troopers 2
is very good thas movies
I've only seen It and Jumanji
do you think too
Liked them both a lot.
thanks . good bye
Okay, take care. . Bye.
Hi, how are you today?
hello . how are yo today . can i help yo
I really enjoy a good comedy and stoner flick, like Super Troopers  and can't wait for Super Troopers 2
can i help you
I'm great! Thanks for asking.
good . Clip
Yes, do you know any other good movies like Girls Trip Pineapple Express or Hangover
or horror It
Oh, I've never seen that. what's it about? . I've only seen the original It not the new one.
Mama . goo
Nope, never heard of that one either.
have a great day . thanks
Should make better sentences my friend.
good bye
Hard to understand what you are saying. . Okay, take care.
hello . how are you
Hi, I'm great. . How are you?
what tipe of movies do you like
Do you know any good comedies like Pineapple Express  or 21 Jump Street
horror, comedy, action . o good . you watch Deadpool
I recently fell in love with Girls Trip and I love classics like How High  and Super Troopers . I'm excited for Super Troopers 2
is a good movie
Yes, it great just saw the new one Deadpool 2
or It
Loved it too.
is so cool . fine
Nah, haven't seen and not interested in the new one but I did like the original It
have a great day . good bye
Bye.
Hi, how are you?
hello . how are you
Hope you're having a great day! . I'm awesome, thanks!
yes
What kind of movies do you like?
i like movies of horror
Oh nice, so you must have seen It
how It or Mama
Have you seen the classic It
The Boy is very horror . good
You may also like Psycho  and The Shining
have a great day
Nice, haven't seen those.
thanks . good bye
The Exorcist   movies are really good. . You should also check out The Texas Chainsaw Massacre
yes is very horror . thanks . good bye
Also Rosemary's Baby . Bye now.
hello
Hi how are you?
how are you
I'm great. thanks for asking.
can i help you with a movie
Looking for good comedy movie... like Pineapple Express or Girls Trip
what tipe of movies do you like watch
I also really enjoyed Super Troopers can't wait for Super Troopers 2 . I love all kinds of movies, mostly comedies and stoner films. . I also like action like Bad Boys
Pitch Perfect  or Scary Movie
Oh, what are those about? . I don't believe I've seen those.
yes . is good thase movie . and It . is of horror . do you like
Hmm, I'm over hearing about the new one I prefer the old It  I heard the new one was lame.
movies of horror how It . ooh good . have a great day . good bye
Never seen that old one. . Thanks for the recommendation, will check it out.
hi . how
Hello.
are . you
Please do not enter one word at a time . And use complete sentences, thanks! . I'm great.  How are you?
i am fine and you
I'm looking for a good romantic comedy movie like Knocked Up
what tipe of movies do you like watch
I enjoyed 10 Things I Hate About You
Scary Movie  . is very fun
I also love the Bridget Jones   movies . Does that fall under romantic? . I don't think so.
or Fifty Shades Freed
Never heard of that.
is very hot thas movie
I like You've Got Mail and Sleepless in Seattle
ok have a great day
OK.
good bye
You too.  Thanks and goodbye.
hello . how are you
Hi, I'm great.
can i help you
Thanks for asking. . How are you?
about a movie
I love romance movies like Pretty Woman  and When Harry Met Sally...
what tipe of movies do you like watch . what tipe of movies do you like watch . what tipe of movies do you like watch . what tipe of movies do you like watch
I also love Crazy, Stupid, Love
ooh good
And another one is Love Actually
Fifty Shades of Grey
Do you know any movies like that? . Oh, I'll check it out for sure.
thas movies is very good
Thanks for the recommendation. . Have a great day! . Bye.
hello
Hi.
how are you
How are you?
what tipe of movie do you like watvh . It
I'm in the mood for a good animation movie like The Incredibles  I can't wait for the new Incredibles 2 . I loved Wreck-It Ralph
or X-Men
Oh and loved Zootopia
Logan
Are those animated films?
movies very good
I really am in the mood for animation movies best
have a great day . thanks
Like Monsters, Inc.
ok thanks . good bye
Alright, thanks. . Bye.
Hi. . How are you?
fine and you
I'm looking for good animation movies like Inside Out or The Incredibles . Do you know any good movies?
Incredibles 2
I loved Moana and Despicable Me . Yes, I have that one on my list already... just a few days will be at the theatre watching it! lol
yes
Another good one was The Boss Baby they even have their own Netflix show now. . I also love the Ice Age  movies
yes
Oh, and I recently watched Coco on Netflix too, such a great film. . Well, thanks for the recommendations. . Have a great day, bye.
Harry Potter  . bye
Hello. . How are you?
hello . fine and you
I've recently seen Coco  such a good movie. Do you like animated films? . I'm great, thanks for asking!
Harry Potter  . yes
I'm so excited to hear Incredibles 2  is so soon, I loved the first The Incredibles . Oh, I'm not a Potter fan.
I love the incribles
I would say maybe you'd also like The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers . Awesome, me too!
Avengers: Infinity War
Oh I need to see that still. . I loved the Avenger
if I like that movie since I was little . Deadpool 2
Yes, I loved it!  I put it at top my list with Black Panther - awesome films! . Thanks for the chat! . Hope to chat soon. . Have a great day!
Hey, how's it going?
Hi, how are you? . It's going great. . Thanks for asking.
I'm great, thanks.
Know of any good animated movies like Coco . That was really good.  I love Moana  and Finding Dory
Oh, that's a great one.  Did you ever watch The Book of Life ?
Oh and how could I forget the The Incredibles  I'm so excited for the new Incredibles 2 . I haven't seen that one actually.
Oh yes those are all really great movies.  I recently rewatched Up .
Oh yes! I loved that one! . Such a tear jerker!!
I love The Incredibles and I am so excited for Incredibles 2 I can't wait to see it.
Same!!
Oh yes when he loses his wife I cry every time.\
Also heard Wreck-It Ralph  part two is coming soon too!
Oh really that would be great. . Well I hope I helped out a little.
Yep, it's coming this year or next I believe.
Have a great day.
Yes, you have. . Many thanks!
Good bye
Bye.
Hey how are you?
Hi, how are you? . I'm great, thanks for asking.
What kind of movie you looking for?
I love a good animated movie like Finding Dory  and The Little Prince
I love Donnie Darko one of my favorites.
I also loved Brave so much!
Oh if you are thinking animated I know some for sure.
Never seen that one, sorry.
Have you seen Monster House ? . It is a really good movie.
Awesome! I love them all like the The Incredibles can't wait for Incredibles 2 . Hmm, nope... never heard of that one either. . Sorry. lol
Yes I love The Incredibles and can't wait for the new one. . That's alright, you will have to check them out some time.
I also enjoyed Tangled a lot as well. . I sure will. . Thanks for the recommendations.
Though Donnie Darko is not animated. . You're welcome.  Have a great day, good bye.
You too.  Bye for now.
Hello
Hi there. . How are you today?
What sort of movie are you interested in today?
Hmm, maybe a good old animated film, like Pinocchio
Oh that is a classic.  You must remember Bambi than?
Also like The Lion King . Oh yes! . I loved it!
Or one I was just thinking of The Land Before Time , when Little Foot's Mother dies.  My heart!
I also loved An American Tail: Fievel Goes West . Omg, YES!
I'm not sure if I know that one.
I was going to mention that one next!
I will have to look it up.
Oh, it's another classic. . Yes, you should!
I haven't seen it in years but can still recall scenes so clearly. . His special tree star.
I don't remember it as much but I have fond memories with all of those films.
I was obsessed with it. LOL
I'll have to check it out again tonight, maybe have a movie night with the nephew and show him good old animated films!
My son was obsessed with Finding Nemo . . Loved fish.
Aw, that was cute.  I actually loved Finding Dory  best!! . Thanks for the recommendation and chat.
He is older now not as interested now. lol
Hope to chat again soon. . Take care, bye for now.
Thank you good bye.
Hi, how are you today?
Hello, how are you? . I'm great, thank you so much. . I'm stuck on animated films.
I'm in the mood for a good comedy like Pineapple Express or Super Troopers . Hah, I love animated films too.
Well I can do either lol
I'm super excited for Super Troopers 2 . Hope its as good as the first one though.
Oh yes I want to see that one so bad. . I can't wait.
Same, both are my favorite genre of films.
Super Troopers was so funny. . Have you seen all their movies? . The Slammin' Salmon ?
So, to switch it up I'm sure you loved The Incredibles  and are like me with tickets to see the new one Incredibles 2 . Wow, I guess not. . I never heard of that one . But, that is so going on my list.
It is not as well known as the rest.
The name alone has me cracking up. . Yea, I've never heard of it.
They're in a restaurant setting.
Tell me why I thought it was The Slammin' Salami lol - I read it wrong
So, yeah all that fun and shenanigans that can come with it.
Nice, I'll definitely check it out.
But since I'm still thinking of my all time favorite childhood movie Robin Hood .
Oh, I wasn't a big Robin Hood fan but I'm sure it's a classic. . Well, thanks for the chat and recommendation. . Hope to chat soon again. . Bye for now.
My mother says I wanted to watch it multiple times a day
Hello, how are you?
I'm good, thanks. And yourself?
Hope you're having a fantastic day like me. . I'm fantastic :) . What kind of movies do you like?
Everything. . Suggest whatever you're in the mood for.
Awesome. I am a junkie so I have a list for you! . As of recent, Black Panther  Game Night and Girls Trip . I've recently seen and loved them all.
I haven't seen any but they all look good.
I also am excited for Incredibles 2 after seeing The Incredibles I just can't wait to see what they are up to now. . Yes, they are good comedies.
Yes, same! . I love the incredibles. . The The Incredibles
I love a good stoner movie too... like Super Troopers  Pineapple Express  and can't wait for Super Troopers 2
Oh I am excited as well
Nice, you have good taste!
I will have to rewatch Super Troopers before I see the new one.
Yes, I can watch that one a million times.  I know it verbatim - might be sad to admit lol
Thanks so much for the suggestions. . Have a great day, good bye.
Thanks, you too.  Bye for now.
Hi, how are you? . Hope you're having a great day, like me! :D
I sure am thanks for asking.
Any type of movies you're in the mood for?
What would you suggest for like, a movie night line-up?
Hmm, lets see... . A good start would be Girls Trip  and then maybe Game Night . After that I'd say, Pineapple Express or Half Baked
I heard they are both hilarious. . Oh I love both of those movies.
Also Horrible Bosses and Horrible Bosses 2 were hilarious too. . Nice, me too!
Oh yes!
And of course why not end it with any of the Hangover  Hangover movies
Oh that sounds perfect. . Definitely a night full of laughs.
Yes! . Happy watching! . It's like a mix-tape of great movies!
Thank you.
Well, take care. . Bye for now.
Have a great day
Hi. How are you?
I'm doing good, how about you?
I'm well, thanks for asking. . So, you into animated films?
I'm actually in the mood for a musical film with a horror theme.
Oh, interesting . Let me think a moment on that.
An example of this is Little Shop of Horrors .
Oh wow, I actually was about to say that one lol but you beat me to it. . I loved that movie.
Sorry!  :)
I'm not sure I know of many horror musicals but I'd be able to recommend some horror films...
Sure!  Another good horror musical is The Rocky Horror Picture Show
I hear Annabelle  was okay . Oh wow, how did I forget that one?! . Yes, that's another classic!
Yes, I love Annabelle .
I'd say The Nightmare Before Christmas while it's not quite horror I love the musical parts of it.
Yes, that's a good example.
Hah, nice!
It has horror elements.  I mean, they kidnap Santa!
LOL. Right! . One of my favorites! . Love Tim Burton movies!
Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street was a good one.  Johnny Depp singing.  Classic.
Oh wow never saw that.
It is good.  See it if you get the chance.
how about Edward Scissorhands  that wasn't really horror though.  lol
Thank you for the suggestions!
You're welcome. . Bye for now.
Edward Scissorhands  wasn't really a musical, but great Johnny Depp movie! . Good bye!  And thanks again.
Hello there!  How are you? . What kind of movies are you interested in today?
Hi, I'm great.  How are you? . Let's go with animated films like The Incredibles  since I can't stop talking about my excitement for Incredibles 2
I can't wait until it comes out, either! . How about The Iron Giant ?  My son and I went to see it with his friend this morning.
I recently watched Coco that was such a cute movie. . Oh, I think I vaguely remember that movie.
Love Coco .  Great animation, great music.
And I love Finding Nemo  and Finding Dory
The Iron Giant  was playing as a $1 movie at Regal, a summer thing.
Yes, it was so good. . Oh nice!
If you can't remember it, look it up.  It's a fun movie.
I miss those days... I don't have a cinema like that around where I am now. . When I lived in Florida, I'd see a few movies a day.
It normally is not $1.  It's a Regal thing they do in the summer for the kids 2 times a week. . You had great suggestions with Finding Nemo  and Finding Dory . . I hope I helped a little?
Yes, absolutely!
I hope you have a nice day!  Goodbye!
I have to watch it with the nephew soon. . You too, thanks so much! . Bye for now.
Hello there!  What kind of movies are you into?
Hi, how are you?
I'm good, I hope you are as well?
Animated films like Wreck-It Ralph or Big Hero 6
Those are great films!  How about Toy Story ?
I also really enjoyed Rio I just learned there was a Rio 2  I'll have to check out too
It never really gets old.
Yes, I loved it!
Are you into some of the Japanese films like Howl's Moving Castle  ?  We love that one.  So imaginative.
I didn't see Toy Story 2 Toy Story 3  or Toy Story 4
You have to see Rio 2 .  Especially if you liked the first one.
Not sure, never heard of it. But I will check into it. . Omg, yes I can't believe I didn't even know there was a part two.
Well, I hope you enjoy watching some of these animated films!
Thanks for your suggestions. . I will I'm sure. . Have a great day. . Bye for now.
Good bye
Hello. . How are you today?
Good afternoon!  I'm good, I hope you are as well. . What kind of movies are you looking for?
I am, thank you. . I love animated movies like Lilo & Stitch  or Finding Dory . Oh, I also loved Inside Out that was such a great concept.
Those are great!  How about one of the older movies for a change?  Like Cats Don't Dance .  Scott Bakula singing and dancing as a cat.  Can't beat it.
Never heard of them. . But I'll check them out. . what are they about?
Do you like the Lego stuff?  Like The Lego Movie ?
Yes loved it. . I was going to add that to my list of I like lol
Cats Don't Dance  is about a kitty who takes off to Hollywood and tries to make it big in the movies.  Like, old Hollywood.  It's fun.
Aw, I'll definitely check it out. . Sounds like something I'd enjoy. . Thanks for the tip. . Bye for now, my friend.
How about a movie like Who Framed Roger Rabbit ?  It's partially animated.
Hi, how are you?
Good afternoon!  How are you?
I'm great, thanks for asking.
I'm good.  What kind of movies are you interested in?
I'm really hung up on animated films... like Hotel Transylvania and Hotel Transylvania 2 . I'm so excited to have recently learned there's a part 3 coming 2018
Those are good.  How about a partially animated film like Who Framed Roger Rabbit ?  It is a hoot.
OMG! Yes, talk about classic! . That reminds me of Cool World
Yes, that was an awesome movie
Right! They don't make them like that much these days. . It was such an interesting concept too. . I love the mix of real world versus animation . I'm kinda excited for Peter Rabbit too lol
You might enjoy The Fox and the Hound if you like Disney.  Sad, but good.
Oh yes, I remember and loved that one. . Thanks for the suggestions. . You have a great day! . Bye for now.
Hello. . How are you today?
Good afternoon.  What kind of movies are you into? . I'm doing well, thanks.
I'm into animated films like Wreck-It Ralph I'm so excited for part two Ralph Breaks the Internet
Yes, we want to see that one, too. . How about Kung Fu Panda ? . The action is great.
I'm a huge The Incredibles fan too can't wait for Incredibles 2 . Oh yes, that is dear to me and my nephew... we loved all the Kung Fu Panda 2  movies.
We also enjoyed Space Jam
Yes! that's a great classic! . Loved it too. . Thanks my friend.
Cool!  I hope I've helped?
Have a good day. . Yes, of course!
thank you!  Goodbye.
Bye for now.
Hi there! . How are you today?
Hello!   I'm good, thank you!
What kind of movies do you enjoy?
I'm in the mood for a comedy.  We really enjoy Will Ferril, for example.  Loved Daddy's Home
Oh nice! I love Will movies too.  How about Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy and Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues
Those are great! . I haven't seen it in a long time, either.
I really enjoyed Elf . how about Step Brothers
Oh, Elf  is good.  And, I love seeing a Christmas movie when it's hot.  Call me crazy.
Hah, that makes sense!
Step Brothers  was funny.  Definitely have to get my son out of the room for that one.  Haha!
LOL.
Thank you for the suggestions!  I hope you have a great afternoon! . Goodbye!
Well, hope you enjoy watching! . You too, bye for now.
Hello!  How are you today?
Hi there.
What kind of movies are you into?
I'm great, how about yourself?
I'm doing well!
I love animated films the best like Coco  or Sing  and Moana
Those are all good. . How about Tangled ?
I loved Finding Nemo and Finding Dory  too, it was so adorable
That horse in that movie makes me laugh.
Yes, I love that one too! . Yes. Too funny! . I will have to see it again, been a while but its a fave. . Any other recommendations?
You would probably like Zootopia as well.
Yep, love it! . Dying for Incredibles 2  already lol
Me, too!  It will be great.
Yes!
I hope these suggestions are helpful?
Thanks for your help. . Yes, very. . Have a great day. . Bye for now.
Goodbye!
holi . Hello
Hi . I like action movies, what recoment?
I recommend you see  Black Panther
Woow, is very good movie, i prefer The Avengers
If you like to see avenguer then you will like to see more Justice League
Dc is my favorite comic, I like that I recommend this movie, which other do you recommend? I want to see an old movie
Batman
thank you very much for your recommendations, goodbye
bye
Hello, how are you this afternoon? . What kind of movies are you interested in?
Hi, sorry. . I'm great, thanks for asking. . I love a good animated movie like Coco  which I recently seen.
That is a great movie!  Let me put on my thinking cap.
I also love The Incredibles and can't wait for the new Incredibles 2
How about Brave ?
It's out on the 15th of this month I believe.
That is a great movie if you like animated movies.
OMG! Yes, I loved that movie! . I am Merida! lol
Yes, I'm excited to see Incredibles 2  as well.
I also can't wait to see Ralph Breaks the Internet I loved the first one Wreck-It Ralph I'm sure it will be just as great!
Do you like Frozen ?  Such great music.
So many good part twos coming out.
I think it will be great also.
Eh, I hated it! lol . So many good movies coming out this year.  I'm excited. . Well thanks for your help. . It's been a pleasure.
Thank you!  Have a nice night. . Goodbye.
Hello!  What kind of movies do you like?
Hello, I am looking for comedy movies . like Juno
Great!  Juno  was a good movie. . How about something older like 9 to 5 ?
I havent seen that
Or, if you want to see something newer, you might like Daddy's Home .
I'll check forit
9 to 5  is a classic.  Very funny, and it has Dolly Parton.
That is a great movie, I like Daddy's Home 2 also . I hope you have a nice day my friend
I wasn't a big fan of Daddy's Home 2  personally, but I do like Will Ferrell. . You have a nice day, too!  Goodbye.
Hi, how are you?
Hello . Do you like comedy movies like Juno ?
I really love animated movies and comedies but I'm stuck on animation right now. . Yea, that movie was okay. . I love movies like The Incredibles and am super excited for Incredibles 2
The best animated movie for me is WALL-E . I loved Up also
Yes, I loved both of those movies.
So am I!! . I hope you have a nice day my friend
You too. . Bye for now.
Hello. . How are you?
Hello!  I'm doing good.  How are you?
I'm great.  Thanks for asking. . So what kind of movies do you like?
I'm interested in seeing a love story.  Something like When Harry Met Sally... .  Any ideas? . I'm not in the mood for something too sad, like Love Story , though.
Oh nice, how about Titanic . Well then... maybe not that lol
Yes, that is a great love story.  It's sad, but I still think it has a feel-good aspect at the end seeing her grow old.
How about Pretty Woman  that's a classic?
If only she could have moved over a bit on that piece of wood.  LOL
I really enjoyed Love Actually . LMBO!
Oh, yes!  Love Pretty Woman , and I haven't seen it in awhile.
Another fave for me is Dirty Dancing
Is Love Actually  the Christmas movie?  I'm trying to remember...
Yes, it is.
LOVE the scene where the boy goes to stop his girl in the airport. . And, Dirty Dancing .  Patrick Swayze...That's all you have to say and I love it.  :)  It's great.
LOL! . Yes, I agree!
Thank you for your suggestions!  I appreciate it!
You're most welcome! . My pleasure.
Goodbye!
Bye for now.
Hello. How are you today?
Helo . Fine thank you, and you?
I'm great, thanks for asking . I'm interested in animated movies like Coco and The Incredibles
What kind of movies are interested in?
I'm so excited for Incredibles 2
You must see WALL-E
Hehe, I have and LOVE it!!
Or Up
Yes, another amazingly sad yet special movie! . Such a tear jerker! lol . I also loved Moana  a lot
Yes, it is . I haven't seen that
Oh it's great!
It was nice to chat with you Thank you!
Yes, a pleasure. . Have a great one. . Bye for now.
Hello
Hi
What kind of movies do you like?
mostly moob movies like Casino . and you what kind of movies do you like?
I assume you have already seen Goodfellas . I assume you have already seen Goodfellas . I love movies that are Thriller Like Prisoners
those are good ones have you seen any marvel movies? like The Avengers
Yes I have seen every single movie from the Marvel Cinematic Universe . My favorite is Guardians of the Galaxy . Have u seen that one?
yes those are good . ou have good taste . nice talking to you
Thanks. . Same to  you. . Goodbye.
good bye have a good one
HI
Hi
Seen any good movies lately?
Watched Team America: World Police last night
Never heard of it
If you like south park humor then you might like it. What are your fav types of movies?
I like crime movies like The Departed
Cool. Ever seen Law Abiding Citizen ?
Parts of it on tv. I like London Has Fallen better . Same actor but a different kind of movie
Never seen that one. I heard Pulp Fiction  is nice . As well as The Usual Suspects
A classic. And Reservoir Dogs . Thanks for all the ideas. Have a good night.
You are welcome . bye
Hello
Hi. Ocean's 8 comes out tomorrow.
I know I just might check it out . I only saw the first one but I am interested in what an all female cast will bring to it
Kate Blanchett doesn't usually do comedy. She was fantastic in The Aviator . and Carol
I liked her well enough in Thor: Ragnarok . I have never seen Carol but I might check it out
I still haven't seen that. Might check it out on demand
I thought The Aviator was kinda boring.
ha ha I can understand that. There wasn't a lot of action . hope you find something you like
Thanks for these movies
see ya later
Laters
Good night
Hi.
Have you seen Deadpool 2 yet?
No. I didn't see the first one either. I'm kind of over superhero movies. But I did love Wonder Woman
Me too . I am still into the superhero stuff no matter how cheesy but that's just me :) . what are you into?
I like romantic comedies like How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days
Great one. I liked She's All That
I haven't seen that one.
Basically the same thing whee the guy makes a bet/deal to win the girl over
Kind of like Dirty Rotten Scoundrels
Not sure since I haven't seen that one. . Another romcom would be The Proposal
That was so funny. Betty White is a comedy goddess
Yeah she is . Hope you can choose one of these to settle in and watch
Thanks for the suggesitons
You are welcome
HI
Hi, how's it going?
just flipping channels looking for something to watch
What kinds of movies do you like?
musicals are my favorite. Chicago is one of my favorites . But Going Down in LA-LA Land was disappointing
Have you seen Moulin Rouge!?
I did. I thought it was just so-so. Les Misérables was really good
Yeah, I like that too. . Maybe a more classic musical like A Chorus Line would work for you?
Believe it or not that's one of my daughter's favorites. She's 15 and wants to be an actress
My niece is in drama club. They're doing Grease this fall.
That sounds fun. . Nice chatting with you.
Have a nice evening!
hello
hey how are you doing?
how are you . nothing
im good
can i help you
i'm looking for movies with will ferrell
with a movie
like Step Brothers
what tipe of movie do you like
movies with Will Ferrell . like The Other Guys
horror how It or comedy how Scary Movie  . or of love how Fifty Shades of Grey
what? . do you understand? . Will Ferrell is a comedian . nothing to do with horro . nothing to do with fake porn . give me comedy sir!
Scary Movie
nope
good bye . your welcome
thanks . bye
have a great nigth . good bye
hello . how are you
hi. I'm good. how are you?
fine . can i help you  with a movie . what tipe of movie do you like watch
I need some recommendations for good movies to watch with my family.
Finding Dory . Incredibles 2
I've seen that one. My kids loved it.
Jumanji . Coco
I haven't seen Incredibles 2 yet. But it does look good. My kids really want to see it.
hahahahaha . ok . have a great nigth . thanks . good bye
I haven't seen Jumanji either but I have seen Jumanji . Thank you for the suggestions. . Have a good night.
your welcom . good bye
hello
hi. How are you?
i need a movie for watch wit my family . please . can you help me
Have you seen The Greatest Showman? It is great!
good movie thanks . ther please . other please . Finding Dory or Coco
Another great movie is Up .
good great movie . thanks . have a great nigth
You might also like The Incredibles
relly good . thanks . good bye
Have a good night!
helle . hello sorry
Hello, How are you?
fine thanks and you
I'm great.
can i help you with a movie
Sure can you suggest some super hero action movies?
whath tipe or movie do you like watch
One I always loved was X-Men and X-Men: Apocalypse .
great you search Avenger . Avengers: Infinity War
Yes I've seen that one.  Very good movie.
or Logan
Oh I haven't seen the new one yet.
how do you feel now
Or Logan , I think my dad has it I will have to borrow it.
i feel very good . yes . thanks . have a great nigth
Thank you have a great night and good bye
good bye
hello
Hey how's it going?
need my help
Sure can you suggest some good movies for me to watch.
can i help you with a movie . what tipe of movies do you like watch
Anything.
Final . Expired . Red . Dread
I've never heard of those movies what are they about'?
really . thas movies is very funny
they are all funny?
ok thanks . have a great day
Yeah, good bye.
good bye
Hello . How are you?
hello . fine
What kind of movies do you like?
i need a movie for watch with my family
Some great family movies are The Karate Kid and Mary Poppins
how Finding Dory or Coco  or Coraline
Those are great too!
movies for my kids . great
Toy Story is another great one
good . thanks
Have you seen any of those?
have a great day . good bye
Ok. Have a great night.
good bye
Hey, how's it going?
Hi! I'm doing good. . How are you?
Great.  Just looking for some movie suggestions.
What kind of movies do you like?
Everything, lol.  I could go for some good comedies though. . Something like Little Nicky . . I love that movie, Adam Sandler is hilarious and I've seen most of his movies.
You'd probably like Happy Gilmore and Billy Madison. Have you seen those?
Yes I have seen them both and love them both.
They are great! There is also The Wedding Singer and The Waterboy
Oh yeah I love The Wedding Singer and then years later 50 First Dates and they rekindle their on screen romance.
Yes, I love that too. Both great movies. . Him and Drew Barrymore are great together.
Well Thank you. . I think I will have an Adam Sandler night. . Good Bye.
That sounds great! Good night!
hello . i need a movie for my kids
hello
can you help my
is good . yes
i need a movie for watch in family
kong . is good . i like very much the  of clans
Finding Dory Coffin Coco Scary Movie  . thanks . you rally need me . thanks for all . good bye
Hello, How are you doing?
hello . nothing . how are you . can you help me
I'm good.  What kind of movies are you into?
i need a movie for watch with my family . for my kids . Finding Dory
Oh have you seen The Incredibles it is a great movie and a new one is coming to theaters soon Incredibles 2 .
things for kids . my kids love it movie
Also the movie Up is a great kids movie too.
other please . good movie . thanks
Thank you, good bye.
hello
Hey, how's it going?
what tipe of movie do you like watch
How about some action movies.
Men in Black
Oh yes I like that movie.
or Resident Evil
Yep I've seen that one too. Good movie.
maybe Black Panther . or Avengers: Infinity War
I have not seen that yet.
have a great day
It's been a while since I've seen anything in the theater. . You too.
thanks . good bye
Good bye
Hello, how are you?
hello i am fine . and you
I'm great, thanks.
can you help me with a movie . can you help me with a movie
What kind of movies are you into?
movie for the kids . for watch in family
Oh I know a ton of kids movies.
how Finding Dory or Coco
Have you seen The Incredibles yet?
good say more
they have a second one coming out Incredibles 2 and it looks like it is going to be awesome.
other please . i want watch thas movie . ok . thanks . have a great nigth . good bye
Sounds good thank you, good bye.
Hey, how's it going? . Do you have a certain type of movie that you are looking for?
hello . how are you
I'm great, thanks.
can you help me with a movie . for kids
Have you seen Up ?
or for watch in house with family . good fine
This is a really great kids movie, great for the whole family.
other please
This is a really great kids movie, great for the whole family. . This is a really great kids movie, great for the whole family. . Crazy lol] . I also really like old movies like The Lion King .
Finding Dory or Toy Story
And Cinderella .
good . fine . thanks
Yes those are a couple of good ones. . Good bye.
have a great nigth . good bye
Hey how are you doing?
hello . how are you . i ned your help
I'm great, thanks. . What kind of movies you interested in?
can you help me with a movie . for kids . my kids
Have you ever seen the animated Robin Hood ?
great
This was my favorite movie as a child
other please
Or Beauty and the Beast will always be a great one.
how Finding Dory
And I love The Lion King .
ok have a great nigth
Yeah that one is good too.
thanks
Yep you have a good one.
good bye
Good bye.
Hi, what is a good action movie?
i like Fast & Furious . or The Terminator
I like racing movies too, what is another good racing movie?
how about Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby . what else do you like ?
I also like comedy movies. Do you know any funny movies?
The Big Lebowski is my fav . or The Hangover
I've never seen either of them. Sounds interesting though. . I think that's it goodbye!
Bad Moms was funny too
Hi, what's up?
Hello, can you please recommend a good action movie that isn't rated R?
They're hard to find. Let me think for a moment...
Okay.
If you like action movies that are also sci-fi, there's Star Wars and sequels. . Jumanji is family friendly.
Yes, I did like all of the Star Wars s movies. Our family loves Jumanji . We watch it about once a year. I also like Paycheck.
How about Guardians of the Galaxy?
Actually, we watch the older Jumanji about once a year. We haven't seen the new Jumanji. Maybe we'll give it a try. Thanks for the suggestion! We do like Guardians of the Galaxy too.
There's also a sequel Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2.
I thought I selected the older Jumanji. Oops!
That's okay. I knew what you meant!
Yes, we've seen the newer Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 too. I think we'll try the new Jumanji.
Enjoy and have a good day!
You too. Thanks!
HI! Can you reccomend any good comedies?
Hi. How are you? I sure can . How about American Pie . It's classic. Have you ever watched it?
Of course! It IS a classic!
You can also watch American Pie 2
I haven't seen any of the sequels. Are they as good?
Yes I loved American Pie 2
i will have to check it out!
If you want a movie that was released recently I would recommend you Game Night . Game Night is really funny , I laughed a lot
Have not heard of that, but will take a look at it. I heard they put out a sequel to Super Troopers . Have you heard anything about it?
I have never watched Super Troopers to be honest. Is it a good comefy?
I thought so, yes. I didn't think I would be in to it, but it was much funnier than I expected.
I guess I have to watch Super Troopers now. If you enjoyed it then I would definitely watch Super Troopers 2
Looks like I've got some movies to watch. It's been ages since I watched American Pie so maybe I will start by rewatching that and then check out the sequel.
That's a good choice ! I hope you'll enjoy
Thanks! Have a great day!
Hello! HOw are you? I am ooking for some good comedies. Any ideas?
Hi I really liked The Other Woman
I don't think I have heard of that one,
Oh, it was hysterical - these gals all had been played by the same guy and they got together to teach him a lesson
I will check that out! I keep hearing that Bridesmaids is funny. Have you seen it?
Bridesmaids was very entertaining.  I also enjoyed What About Bob%3F
OH my God! What About Bob%3F is one of my favorite Bill Murray movies! . With his little fish !
Yeah!  What About Bob%3F is a total classic.
ANy other Bill Murray films you would suggest?
Caddyshack II is a popular one!
I love the original but have not seen the sequel. I wll check it out. Does he play the same groundskeeper guy?
Yes, he is typical Bill Murray.  How about Stripes ?  That's another Murray classic.
Lighten up, Francis !!!! yes! I love Stripes . Thanks for the ideas. i am gonna go have a Murray marathon now!
St. Vincent was a bit different.
HIs newer films definitely have a different tone. I really liked The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou . Which is no longer &quot;new&quot; now that I think about it...
The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou is one I haven't seen yet.  I am putting it on my list!
It is one of my favorite films.
Thanks for the recommendation!
If you have seen other films Wes Anderson has directed, like The Royal Tenenbaums or Rushmore you will like it.
The Royal Tenenbaums is on my list to see.  How about Meet the Fockers ?
I saw that and thought it was pretty damn good.
It kept me laughing.  You have to be in the right mood though or it's just cheesy.
ALright! Have a great day! I am off to watch movies!
Hi, looking for a good drama film.
Have you seen Boogie Nights?
Nope.  I liked Into the Storm . I also really liked Fatal Attraction but maybe that's more a thriller?
What about Single White Female?  That's kind of on the same tip as Fatal Attraction
I haven't seen that one, but I did see Fatal Instinct and enjoyed it.
Was that the sequel to Basic Instinct ?
Yep, it was.
I think you might also like Romeo Is Bleeding . It has Gary Oldman and some other great cast members . Solid drama
Oh, I haven't seen that.  I will add it to my list of wanna sees.  How about a comedy suggestion?  I really liked The Other Woman
What about There's Something About Mary ?
That's another one I've missed.  I did like What About Bob%3F
That was funny
Stripes was another great Murray film.
Oh, gosh, yes.  Have you seen Lost in Translation ? . I loved Bill Murray in that
Yes, and I think I have to go watch some movies RIGHT NOW!
Me too! . Thanks for the recces!
Hello! Are you a sci-fi fan? I have been looking for some good sci-fi movies. if not, any good comedies?
If you are in the mood for a comedy?  The Other Woman  had me rolling on the floor . Sci Fi, I loved The Martian
I have been meaning to see The Martian
Oh, you should  There's another one about Mars 2036 Origin Unknown you might want to check out
Have you seen Interstellar ? I have heard it was a good, cerebral sci-fi flick.
Yes, I saw Interstellar .  It was brainy.
I have not heard of that one. What is it about?
Inception was good as well. . In 2036 Origin Unknown a life form is found under the surface on Mars that threatens Earth
I just re-watched Inception with my fiancee, who had not seen it. They were not impressed, but I have always enjoyed it. . Oh! That sounds good! Life on Mars is always a good theme!
How about Triangle ?  Tried that?
I have not. Thanks for the suggestions! Have a good rest of your day!
Hi--I'm looking for a good Sci Fi film
In the mood for some Sci-Fi?  Have you seen Triangle
No, I haven't. . My favorite movie of all time is Blade Runner . is it anything like that?
Just that it's Sci-Fi.  I loved Blade Runner as well!  How about The Martins that was GREAT!
Yes, I loved that
There's a 2018 film about Mars, 2036 Origin Unknown that's awesome.
I haven't seen that, but it sounds interesting
You might enjoy it!  Did you like A.I. Artificial Intelligence ?  Along the same lines as Blade Runner.
Yes!  I really liked that.  I sort of wish that Kubrick had been able to do that after he finished Eyes Wide Shut . What about something scary?
I agree.  Well, I'm off to do some movie watcing now
Me too . Thanks for the recces!
Hi.  I love horror films.  I like The Shape of Water Can you recommend something like that?
The Shape of Water was awesome!  Have you seen any of Guillermo del Toro's other stuff, like Pan's Labyrinth ?
No, I did see that.  I really enjoyed The Other and I also liked The Hatching
The Other or The Others ?  I liked them both. . If you like horror but want something a little different, you should check out Suspiria if you haven't seen it . It's great
The The Other  from 72 . Nope, not seen Suspiria.  What's it about?
Ah, okay.  Have you seen The Others ?  It's a great horror movie, too. . Suspiria is set in a dance school in Germany that is also a witch's coven.  It's very stylized 70s horror with a great soundtrack.
Sounds great.  I'm going to go watch some movies now!
Have fun!
bye
Evening!
Hello!
I recently saw the The Greatest Showman and loved it. Do you have any recommendations for musicals?
Sure!  Did you see Moulin Rouge! ?
Oh, I've always wanted to see that, but have never got around to it... thanks!
Sure.  You should also check out Cabaret
I also like movies set in the past, so it will be perfect for me. . Would you recommend anything else?
Musicals or something else?
Historical films or musicals... I saw Darkest Hour not so long ago and that was fantastic. . Although you can't beat The Great Escape for a good war movie :)
I haven't seen that yet. . Birdman of Alcatraz is a great escape movie, too!  Check it out if you haven't
Oh I haven't seen it. The Rock  is one of my guilty pleasures.
Yes!  Along with Con Air.  Those two are like a guilty pleasure double feature.
Yes indeed. I . love Nicholas Cage too :)
And Steve Buscemi.  He's great in everything.
Yes... even as 'Crazy Eyes' in Mr Deeds!
Have you seen Trees Lounge ?
Oh, that sounds interesting, I haven't seen it.
Buscemi wrote and directed that . I really liked it
Cool, I'll check it out. Thanks for the recommendations! Nice talking to you :D
And of course he stars in it . Nice talking to you as well!
Hi! . What sort of movies do you like?
I really enjoy drama/biography.  For example I enjoyed Phantom Thread
Oh, that's a movie I haven't seen. If you like Drama, I really enjoyed Allied recently.
I think that's on my list to see.  Did you see The Darkest Hour ?
Yes it was fab! I also really enjoyed Dunkirk - I haven't watched the original yet, but it is on my list. . Have you seen Dunkirk ?
That should have been Darkest Hour
Do you enjoy war movies?
Yes, loved Dunkirk   I really want to see 12 Strong I didn't see it in the theater because the reviews weren't all that great
I do like the classics.. I can recommend Ice Cold in Alex and Battle of Britain for a Sunday afternoon marathon. . I've not seen 12 Strong - I will have to check it out.
One of my favorite films was The Hurt Locker
Jodie Foster? . I don't think I've seen it...
Oh, you'd like it!  Gotta go watch some movies now.
Is it similar to Panic Room?
bye
Yes me too! Nice to talk with you :)
Hi--I'm looking for a good ghost story
Ah! Okay.. let's see....
Maybe something set in the past
There are the classics, like The Shining and The Sixth Sense
I liked both of those!  I also liked The Others
The Shining is the early 80s... which I guess is the past now... Jeez, I feel old lol . I have not seen The Others
Right?  Me too :). . I also like some of the Japanese horror movies that have ghosts
It's not a ghost story, but it is a good horror flick set in the past... Mary Reilly is about Dr. Jekyl's maid.
Oh, wow!  That sounds really interesting. . I like costume dramas, so that sounds perfect
It is! very different. It has Julia Roberts and John Malkovich.
What about anything else sort of like that?
I like costume dramas as well, and Mary Reilly has a ton of costumes. Corsets and brocade everywhere . Bram Stoker's Dracula is very well done. Set in the victorian era, very well directed and photographed.
Nice!  Picnic at Hanging Rock is one of my favorites, too
Mary Shelley's Frankenstein is cheesy but fun, and it is heavy on the costumes and scenery.
I've seen Bram Stoker's Dracula and I loved the costumes in that, too
Gary Oldman has some pretty fabulous looks going on in that one for sure.
Still haven't seen Mary Shelley's Frankenstein , but I need to put that back on my radar.  Thanks for the suggestion!
Hi! What is your favourite movie?
I really like war movies like Darkest Hour
Me too! Have you seen Dunkirk ? . I haven't seen the original yet though.
yes, and I loved it!  I also really like The Hurt Locker
I've not seen that one. I'll check it out. . I can recommend some old school movies too... have you seen Ice Cold in Alex ? . Or Escape to Victory ?
I haven't seen that one or that one either.  I will put them on my list.  I want to see 12 Strong
Yes that one looks interesting. I also like things like Inglourious Basterds
Nope, not that one either.  Inglourious Basterds was terrific.
Although you need a strong stomach for that one! . Well, we both now have some other movies we can add to our 'to watch' list! . Nice chatting to you!
bye
Hi!  I love documentaries, especially docs about musicians.  Can you recommend something?
There was that movie The Soloist
I recently saw Lemmy and I thought it was great. . I haven't seen The Soloist .  What's it about?
Not seen Lemmy but I'll try it . How about Amadeus ?
What about other documentaries? . Oh, I loved Amadeus !
The Soloist  was about a homeless man who was a muscian
I also really liked Immortal Beloved . Have you seen it?  It's about Beethoven
That one I haven't seen yet or that one.  Time to go watch some movies!
The Soloist sounds interesting.  Thanks for the recs!
Hi!  I'm looking for a movie about a sports team
How about The Blind Side
I really liked Hoosiers , but it doesn't have to be about basketball. . I haven't seen The Blind Side .  I'll have to check it out. . Any other suggestions?  Any sport will work.
You might like Radio
I haven't seen that, either.  Can you tell me something about it?
A football coach befriends a mentally challenged young man in Radio
Ah.  So if I like Friday Night Lights , I might like that.
Sort of.  You ever seen Clash of the Titans
Oh, yes!
Well, gotta go watch a movie!
Have fun!
Do you like drama?  See Phantom Thread ?
Hi there!  I really love Billy Bob Thornton.  Can you recommend something besides Sling Blade that has him in it? . I haven't seen Phantom Thread .
How about Bad Santa ?
I loved Bad Santa !  It was wrong in the best way.  What about something else? . I haven't seen Bad News Bears , but I know he's in it.  Have you seen it?
There was Mr. Woodcock that was pretty good
I haven't seen Mr. Woodcock .  What's that about?
I don't recall him in The Bad News Bears   Mr. Woodcook was a basketball coach . Time to go watch a movie.  Bye
Thanks!
hi there. How are you?
Great.  How are you?
Awesome. . What kind of movies do you like?
I like all kinds of stuff.  I'm looking for something funny to watch tonight . Do you have any suggestion?
Have you seen Game Night ?
No, I haven't seen it.  What's it about?
a middle-aged couple start their own casino in their house. . Super funny
Oh, wow.  That sounds great.  Anything else, maybe something that's already out on video?
Actually I got that confused with The House . that is already on video . you should check that one out for sure!
I see that has Amy Poehler in it.  I thought she was hilarious in Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo . That was a silly movie, but I liked it
yes!
I like dark comedies, too.  What did you think about In Bruges ?
never seen it
You should check it out.  It's really darn funny.  Two Irish hitmen in Bruges, which is a beautiful city.
sounds awesome . Alright. I hope you liked the suggestions. Have an awesome day. . Goodbye!
hi there! . how are you?
I'm good.  How are you?
Doing great! . What kind of movies do you like?
I'm looking for a solid drama . I don't care if it's an older movie
I love a good drama. Have you seen The Shack or The Shape of Water ?
I've seen The Shape of Water , and I loved it, but I haven't seen The Shack .  Can you tell me something about it?
I actually haven't seen it either if I'm being completely honest . But it does have really good reviews. . Seems to have many religious undertones. So i'm guessing you would need to be into that.
No problems there.  Any other suggestions for drama?  I like to watch movies at home when I can, so it doesn't need to be a new release
how about Split . ?
I haven't seen it, either.  What's it about? . I see it was directed by guy that did The Sixth Sense
Its about a guy who has 23 split personalities and one of them remains submerged in his subconscious. Very good movie!
Which I liked
Yes . It received good reviews too!
That sounds interesting.  I'm going to check it out.
Awesome. . Hope you like it! . Have a great day. Goodbye!
Time to watch some movies!
HI! What kind of movies do you like?
I like all kinds of movies.  I recently started watching a lot of old stuff on cable, and I really like Alfred Hitchcock, particularly Vertigo and To Catch a Thief.  Can you recommend any old movies?
Have you seen Rebecca? . It's a great book and even better movie!
I've seen a Rebecca from 1940.  Is the Rebecca based on the same book?
Yes.
Daphne du Maurier, right?
Yes. The same
That sounds interesting!
Of course, there's Citizen Kane...
Oh, yes.  I also loved The Magnificent Ambersons .  I don't think Orson Welles is appreciated enough anymore . Touch of Evil is also really great. . Thanks for the recommendations!
and The Maltese Falcon . You're welcome!
Ah, . yes,
How about a good romance, like Say Anything...
oh thats one of my favorite movies, 80's forever!
Yes, I also liked Titanic
have you sen the sixth sense?  thats one of my faves. it was filmed in my old neighborhood
I did like the The Sixth Sense  and of course Love Story
i dont think I've ever heard of Love Story whats it about?
Oh, Love Story is about a doomed love, girl gets sick and is dying . Really enjoyed When Harry Met Sally... too
oh that sounds too sad for me....my favorite movie is The 'Burbs have you seen it?
No, is it a love story?
its a comedy - tom hanks is the star and its hilarious - highly recommended!
My favorite comedy is The Other Woman
i havent seen The Other Woman ill have to check it out
The Other Woman Yes, check it out.  It had me on the floor
i watched Youth in Revolt last night and it was sooo funny
Another favorite is What About Bob%3F . I;ll have to check out Youth in Revolt I never heard of it!
i love What About Bob%3F that my moms favorite ever
Time for me to go watch some movies.  Bye
thumbs up!
Hi, what types of movies do you like?
I'm looking for a really exciting action film. . Maybe not so much a super hero franchise movie
Have no seen the classics of the genre, like Die Hard? . That should be &quot;have you seen...&quot;
I liked The Avengers and Deadpool l, but yeah--something more like Die Hard d, which I loved . Is there anything new out there like that now?
How about Point Break, the original with Patrick Swayze?
You know, I've never actually seen that.
also featuring Keanu!
I should get around to that one! . Thanks for the ideas!
If you are willing to watching something older, The Taking of Pelham One Two Three is very good, better than the reboot, The Taking of Pelham 123.
I've never even heard of those. . I will definitely check it out . I love older stuff . Thanks again!!
the original has four stars on IMDB! . happy watching!
Hi there!  What kind of movies do you like?
I'm looking for something to distract me!  Maybe sci-fi like Cocoon . Sorry that would be Cocoon
Like Cocoon ?  Hmmm.  Have you seen Contact ? . It's sci-fi, but it's not too dark
I loved Contact Also really loved the The Abyss
Or you could always go with a classic, like Close Encounters of the Third Kind
Close Encounters of the Third Kind is a classic!  The Martian is outstanding as well
The Abyss was great!
I need something new!
Have you seen Looper ? . It's crazy
No, I haven't, what can you compare Looper  to?
I'm trying to think of a good comparison.  It has time travel but it also has hit men. . And it has a ton of action
Well, I will check it out!  Time to go watch a movie I think
Great!  Enjoy!
Hi, how's it going?
Good! Looking for a movie recommendation for this weekend. I like dark comedies, like Fargo.
Have you seen Heathers?
Yes. I love my dead gay son! . great movie
Another great dark comedy is The War of the Roses.
I've heard of that, but not seen it. I'll have to check it out.
You might also like The Stepford Wives, the 2004 version. The older ones aren't as funny.
Great suggestion. Thanks!
Enjoy!
Hello
Hello!  What kind of movies do you like?
heroes . They recommend me a movie of heroes
Like, superheroes?
yes
Have you seen Deadpool 2 ?
I like it, do you like ati?
I haven't seen it yet.  Have you seen Avengers: Infinity War yet?
Black Panther . Jurassic World
Black Panther r was good.  Have you seen Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 ?
these are very good movies
Glad you liked the recommendations.
If I liked it a lot . I recommend a movie?
Have you seen the original Superman ?
I like it if I see it
Cool
Spiders 3D
I haven't seen that yet. . Time to go watch some movies!
I recommend it to you . good thanks you have a good day bye
Hi there.  Can you recommend a movie for me? . I'm looking for something creepy and sort of arty, like Eraserhead
Have you seen the movie The Silence of the Lambs ?
Yes, and I really liked it.  I didn't like Hannibal very much, though
If you liked that one you might like Inception since its kinda arty and has a creepy vibe
I've heard of Inception but I haven't seen it.  Isn't it by the same guy that did Memento ?
I'm not sure, but I've heard both are good!
Ooh, you need to see Memento if you haven't
I will put that one on my list!
Can you recommend something else sort of like those?
I can recomend the movie Aliens as a creepy movie!
That was a good one! . Thanks for the recommendations! . I think it's time to go watch a movie.
You are welcome! . I can't figure out how to submit this HIT
Hi, I'm looking for something edgy and exciting like Blade Runner
Hmmm.  Have you seen Minority Report ?
Yes, Minority Report was GREAT!  I loved it . H. G. Wells' The War of the Worlds was GREAT too
I still haven't seen that . Another interesting sci-fi movie is The Fifth Element
It was very good, so was the original The War of the Worlds
I haven't seen either one, actually.  I'll have to check those out
I liked the The Fifth Element
Have you seen Blade Runner 2049 yet?
I haven't seen any of the newer King Kong movies . Nope.  Haven't seen Blade Runner 2049 yet
It's worth checking out
I think it's time for me to go catch up on movies!  Bye
Thanks!  Bye
Hello. . How are you today? . I'm having a fantastic day, hope you are as well. . What kind of movies do you like?
I'm in the mood for funny.  I really enjoyed The Other Woman
Oh nice!  Have you seen Girls Trip or Game Night ? . Both were hilarious! . I also love Super Troopers can't wait for Super Troopers 2
Nope, but I am taking notes, so they go on my list.  Oh, and glad you're having a good day!
Hah. Thank you! . I'd also recommend Deadpool 2 . Even if you haven't seen Deadpool
Super Troopers I've not delved into.  Is it a comedy Sci-Fi kinda like Ghostbusters
No, it's more of a stoner movie. lol
Nope, I'm not into the Marvel stuff. . How about Bridesmaids ?
Aw, well check out the first two, Girls Trip is right along the same lines as Bridesmaids
Okey dokey!  Time for me to sign off and get watching those movies.  thanks
Well, nice chatting with you. . Yes, take care. . Bye for now.
hello . how are you . i can help you . you need a movie . what tipe of movie do you like watch . hello
I'm feeling like something arty.  Something socially meaningful.  I liked Big Eyes  and A Beautiful Mind  I am fine thanks
good fine . great . Incredibles 2 . is for kids but is very good
No, Incredibles 2 isn't that a cartoon? . Yes, did you read what I'm after?  Arty, socially meaningful!
sorry The Incredibles
Sorry, The Incredibles still a cartoon
good bye . thanks . good bye
hello . how are you . i need a movie for watch with my family . hii . anymore . hello
Try The Incredibles
fine other please . Mama . or Happiness . Gia
How about The Incredible Hulk
say . thanks . have a great day . good bye
You could try The Lion King . Or you could try Jungle Book . Oh, you've already signed off.  Goodbye
good bye
hello . how are you . can i help you
I am fine and interested in sci-fic
you need a movie now . Grimm
I liked Cocoon
is very good . and Mama
Yeah, G was OK
rally fine
No, I'm more into stuff like The Abyss . I also enjoyed Inception
Deadpool . Deadpool 2 . rally good . ok thanks
Nope not in Marvel so no Deadpool
have a great day . good bye
Thanks for those really insightful suggestions
hello . i need a movie for watch with my family . can you help me . please
The Lion King is a good choice
good . other please
You could try The Jungle Book
fine i love it . more please
There is always Cinderella
great fine
Do you have boys or girls?
boys . and girls
Snow White is good for girls, for boys, well I still like The Jungle Book
good . thanks . have a great day . good bye
hello . how are you
I am seeking a romantic movie.  Something like Romeo
Fifty Shades of Grey . is beautyfull and hot
That's really not romance that lust . Something like Say Anything...
and Titanic . how you feel now . ok thanks
Yes, Titanic is good
thanks have a great day . good bye
Maybe we could stick to movies and leave out all the nonsense inbetween???
or do you want more movies
I also really like When Harry Met Sally...
Pretty Woman
And, Sleepless in Seattle
is very good . thanks for all . i go now . good bye
Hello!  How are you today? . What kind of movie are you in the mood for?
hello . i am fine thannks . i like watch movies how Titanic . or Pretty Woman
Oh, that was a great romantic movie! . Both were great romances.
yes
How about When Harry Met Sally... ? . It is funny and romantic at the same time.
yess ilove it
You might like The Notebook .
i go watch it
It has more of an epic feel than When Harry Met Sally... . . Great!  You have great taste!
ye . thanks . good bye
Thank you!  Good bye.
Hello . What kind of movies do you like?
Hi. I like gangster movies
Ganster movies!! Great
Know any good ones? Other than The Godfather I mean.
Have yo seen The Untouchables ??
I did. Love Sean Connery
Goodfellas also is a very good movie
That's one of my brother's favorites. Did you see American Gangster ?
Yes, Denzel was awesome there . I hope you have a nice day my friend
you too
Hello
Hi. What kind of movies do you like?
Can you recommend comedy movies? . something like Airplane!
Romantic comedies like 27 Dresses or something like Horrible Bosses
I didn't like horrible bosses
Oh, Classic comedies. Well how about Police Academy ?
I prefer the type like Hot Shots! . I loved it!
I don't know that one. I liked Melissa McCartney is Spy
I hope you have a nice da my friend
same here
Hello there!
hello . how are you
I'm good, it seems I'm supposed to recommend movies to you, is there anything you are interested in?
movies for kids . for watch with my kids . how Finding Dory
I'm a huge Disney fan so this is up my alley!  Coco was really great.  Something for you and the kids
yes great . other please
I'm sure you've seen Finding Nemo with them
good really . Up
If you're looking for my classic Disney there's Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs or my personal favorite Sleeping Beauty
or other . thanks for all . good nigth
Good night!
good bye
Hello, what type of movies are you interested in?
movies for kids
Coco Is a great movie . Something for you and the children
for watch with my kids . how Finding Nemo
Fantasia is also great for adults and kids to watch together.
good . great movie
Did you like Finding Nemo ?  Finding Dory is also a great follow up.
yes is very great . more please . ok
It's not very popular but I always enjoyed Robin Hood
thanks . have a great nigt . good bye
you too, good bye!!
Hi. Lots of new movies coming out today. Would you prefer Hotel Artemis or Ocean's 8
Hi, sorry for my delay. . I haven't seen them but I'm looking for a good animated movie like The Incredibles . I hear Incredibles 2 is in theaters June 15th! I can't wait.
Incredibles 2 comes out in a few weeks
Have you seen any of those? . Yes, I'm so excited.
And Kubo and the Two Strings was fun.
Have you seen Wreck-It Ralph ? . Oh I have to see that one still . There's a part 2 now of Ralph Breaks the Internet . I'm a big kid at heart.
Yeah with all the Disney princesses. That looks fun too
But... then I'm also a stoner so I enjoy movies like Pineapple Express and Super Troopers . LOL. . Also excited for Super Troopers 2 . I'll have to check out the others you named for sure.
Well it sounds like you have plenty to choose from . Have fun watching everything
Yes, thanks for the recommendation too. . Have a great day. . Bye for now.
Hello, how are you?
Glad it's Friday.
Yes, me too! . So many good part 2 movies coming out like Incredibles 2 and Super Troopers 2
We have a great indy theater here that plays The Rocky Horror Picture Show every weekend.
Have you seen Super Troopers  or The Incredibles . Oh, wow... that would be nice to see in theatre...
Loved The Incredibles. Can't wait for the sequel
Yes!! Me too. . Also excited for Ralph Breaks the Internet
Did you see Coco
Yes and I loved it! . You made me think of Little Shop of Horrors . Have you seen that one?
My daughter was stage manager for a local production one year
Wow, that's fantastic! . Did you get to go on set?
Not really. I helped iron costumes but that was about it. Speaking of musicals Into the Woods was surpsiingly good
Oh, I never saw it, I heard it was annoying because that song came on over and over.. so I took my friends advice and avoided it lol . Maybe I'll give it a try tho. . Thanks for the recommendations!
nice chatting with you
Have a great day.  Bye for now.
Good morning. Have any plans for the weekend?
Good morning. . Yes, to watch a bunch of animated movies! Like The Incredibles to get ready for Incredibles 2
Well you should put Moana on your list
I love animated movies like Finding Dory or Inside Out . Oh yes, I love that one!
I loved Inside Out . And Up - all the feels
I also am so excited for Ralph Breaks the Internet since I loved Wreck-It Ralph so much! . Omg! Yes... that was such a precious story too! . I wonder if that will have a part 2 but then I guess that was the full story...
Have fun.
I will, thanks a bunch. . Appreciate your recommendations!
Hi how are you
Hello. . I'm great thanks for asking. . How are you?
What kind of movies are you into . I’m great :)
I'm looking for good animated movies for the weekend. . Something like The Incredibles as I get ready to see Incredibles 2 soon
Nice okay! Have you seen Up
I really also enjoyed Moana  a lot too . Oh yes, loved it! . One of my favorites!
Or Megamind
Omg, yes... that was actually pretty funny!
I know mines tooo it’s sooo good and cute but yet sad
Love it like I love Despicable Me films
Moana was awesome !!! . Yes the little minions ahhhh to precious . My all
I have to see Spirited Away  still... . I hear that was good too but haven't seen it yet.
Time fave is Monsters, Inc.
Oh and of course Zootopia is another great one!
It’s great you have to see it soon !!!!
OMG, yes! I almost forgot about it.  I love little Boo! . Thanks for the suggestions, my friend.
Hmm I don’t think I have seen Zootopia . Anytime :) have a great day bye !
You too, bye for now.
Hi! What movies do you like ?!
Hi. . I love animation movies, trying to get ready for Incredibles 2 so I will be watching The Incredibles and other animated movies this weekend. . Any suggestions? . I loved Zootopia Finding Dory
Ok I see have you seen A Bug's Life
My nephew and I are going to be watching movies all weekend. . Omg, yes... I loved it! . That would be a great one to show the nephew.
Toy Story 3 . Yessss I wish they made movies like that nowadays !!
Reminds me of Bee Movie
Ahhh omg I’m obsessed with that movie
Oh I loved all of them I think it was  Toy Story 2 that made most cry? I get them confused lol . You have great taste my friend!
Haha thanks you do too !!
Nice chatting with you. . Take care. . Bye for now.
You too bye now!
Hello. . How are you today?
Hi, fine and you?
Are you into animated movies like The Incredibles  the new one is out next week Incredibles 2 . I'm great thanks for asking. . Sorry I'm so hung up on animated movies... what kind of movies do you enjoy?
I really want to see it . But you can recommend me some terror movies?
Yes, me too!  That's why I've been on an animation film mode lol
Something like Jeepers Creepers ?
Oh sure, lets see.. I hated this one but some like The Purge   or The Purge: Anarchy . Or how about Wrong Turn
or The Blair Witch Project
Ohh, nice! . I actually liked those films I enjoyed the concept more than anything
I like films based on &quot;real&quot; facts ha ha ha
riiight!
I appreciate your recommendations
lol.
Thank ou . you
You're most welcome... I'd also recommend The Conjuring
Have a nice day
You too. . Bye for now.
Hi, how are you?
Hello my friend
Hope you're having a fantastic day, as I am.
Thanks!!
Can I recommend any movies for you today?  I'm really excited for Super Troopers 2
Some action movie do you have in mind? . NIce
Super Troopers is probably one of my most favorites . Oh, sure... let me think.
or The Martian
How about Deadpool 2 if you have already seen Deadpool
Space movies . I want to see it!! . Thanks!!
Hmm, that may be a hard one for me... space movies. . Wait...
Hace a nice day . Have
Have you seen Dark Night . or Aliens . Those are great movies too
Yes!! I appreciate!!
Hi ! . How are you
Hi.
I like action and comedy
I'm great thanks for asking.  How are you? . Oh great!
I’m good :)
Have you seen Deadpool or the new Deadpool 2 . Both hilarious and lots of comedy
I seen the new one but not the old one I loved it though . Have you seen Vacation
I'd say any Marvel movie would be good like The Avengers or the new Avengers: Infinity War . No I haven't but I heard of it a few times, I'll have to add it to my list.
Avengers: Infinity War was awesome have you seen Black Panther
Yes, I loved it!
Yes a must see!!
I would also recommend a classic like Die Hard . Any of them actually Die Hard with a Vengeance
I know I seen it like 3 time lol
Or Live Free or Die Hard or A Good Day to Die Hard
Yes those are great classic you have awesome taste!!
Thanks you do too!
Thanks ! And thank you for the recommendations have a great weekend bye :)
You too. . Bye for now.
Hello
Hi how are you?
Are you looking for comedy movies?
I'm in the mood for a good stoner flick... like Super Troopers . I'm excited for Super Troopers 2
Juno is very good
I loved How High . Is that a stoner movie?
Star Wars is the biggest of all
Umm, I think we are on wrong pages here... not what I'm looking for
hahaha, I didn´t see it
More interested in Pineapple Express or 21 Jump Street type of movies lol
a stoner movie is Pineapple Express . Yes!!
Silly movies with a lot of drugs, like Half Baked . I also loved Girls Trip though it's not much a stoner movie
like Road Trip . It begun with then
Oh nice
I hope you have a nice day my friend
Yes, I'll have to see that again . Thanks for the recommendation! . Appreciate you. . Bye for now.
Hello. . How are you today? . If you haven't seen Deadpool 2 yet I'd start with recommending that . Even if you haven't seen Deadpool . However what kind of movies do you like?
Hi, I like Robert Redford The Way We Were
Oh nice.  What genre would you say that is?
Don't like Marvel characters like Deadpool
Oh I see. . how about The Majestic
He made a lot of different genres, I guess Drama, Action, Romance like Three Days of the Condor  was Action
or another one would be Up Close and Personal . or a classic like The Great Gatsby . I see, I remember his name just not his movies, he was a big actor in those days. . Well, check out the others I've mentioned you may enjoy them.
Majestic  wasn't a Redford Movie was it?
No, sorry I don't know all Redford movies... . Just giving examples of similar in genre
Yes The Great Gatsby was a great Redford movie!
Oh wow.  What a good guess on my part. . See, I learned something!
Going to watch movies now. bye
Okay, have fun. . Bye for now.
Hi, how are you today? . I'm looking for a good comedy or animated movie like The Incredibles because I'm so eager for the new Incredibles 2 . But, I also enjoy silly movies like Girls Trip or Super Troopers . I'm also excited for Super Troopers 2
I liked The Other Woman it was GREAT
Oh, I haven't seen that one yet. . Is is like Bridesmaids
You might like What About Bob%3F with Bill Murray
Oh wow yes! . I loved that movie!
I bet you would also like Meet the Fockers
Thanks, I'll watch it again soon! . Yesss! that too! . Great recommendations, thanks a lot. . Have a great day! . Bye for now.
Hello. . How are you today? . I'm looking for some recommendations for the weekend... . I love funny movies like Pineapple Express and Super Troopers
Good in the mood for a war movie like The Hurt Locker
No, not really. . I prefer to laugh a lot lol . So I'm looking for a comedy. . Like Game Night  or Girls Trip
OK, how about The Other Woman it was very funny about how some ladies got back at a guy that was playing them
Even Half Baked or 21 Jump Street . Oh, nice. . I'll have to check that out. . Been hearing about it a lot . Any other recommendations?
There is What About Bob%3F with Bill Murray or Stripes
Yes, that's a classic! . Thanks for your help. . Have a great one. . Bye for now.
Hello! . Hope you're having a great day! . I'd love some movie recommendations... good comedies like Super Troopers . I'm eager for the Super Troopers 2 to come out already.
St. Vincent with Bill Murray is very funny
Hmm, not sure I've seen that one.  I do remember Groundhog Day . That was hilarious
Minions is very funny as well
Oh nice I love any Despicable Me related film.
Minions was also very funny
I enjoyed all of Despicable Me 2  and Despicable Me 3 . and omg Incredibles 2 on June 15th!! . I loved the first The Incredibles
Want to try something a little different, like maybe Sixteen Candles
Oh, I love that is such a classic... like Say Anything...
But funnier . Gotta go watch movies now
Yes! Thank you! . Bye for now.
Hi! . How are you today? . I'm looking for a good comedy or animated movie... . Something like Super Troopers or Game Night and The Incredibles . I'm all over the place lol
Good - How about that movie about what the pets do when the owners are gone?
omg, The Secret Life of Pets yes that is great! . Love that one a lot! . I always feel my pets do just that lol . I've also seen Coco  recently super adorable movie!
How about Cinderella
I'm so excited for Incredibles 2 . Eh, more of a Brave girl like Merida
Ferdinand was really terrific
or Moana . Oh, I need to see that one still. . I forgot about it! . Thanks for the suggestion!
How about Frozen
Nooooo!! lol . Sorry that was not a fave or mine, couldn't ever get through it lol
Time to go now and watch a movie or two
Yes, have a great one. . Bye for now.
Hello. . Hope you're having a fantastic day! . What kind of movies do you like? . Comedies like Girls Trip ? . Animated movies like The Incredibles
Yes, I like comedies.
Awesome! . Have you seen Bridesmaids
Yes, that was funny!
How about Game Night . And of course my all time favorite Super Troopers
I haven't seen that one yet, but it looks good.
They have part 2 coming this year Super Troopers 2
Haven't seen Sooper Troopers. I'll look for it.
Oh its good if you like the Hangover  movies. . Alright, happy viewing! . Hope I was helpful.
Thanks!
Hi there. . Hope you're having a great day! . What kind of movies do you like?
I'm looking for something like Blade Runner
I'd suggest Deadpool 2 for anyone or Black Panther . Ohh... have you seen the new Blade Runner 2049
No I don't like Marvel stuff
I loved the classic much more but the new one was okay too.
No I have seen Blade Runner 2049 yet it's on my list
Ah, are you into DC movies like The Dark Knight
Nope, don't like DC
Ah, the original is best but it's nice to see it done in today's day. . Well, you will need to check the new one out.
I did like The Abyss
Oh nice, I sort of remember that one... I was only 4 when it came out.
I also liked Cocoon
Oh I remember that one too. . Well, have a great day.
What was that one with the artificial intelligence in a teddy bear?
Hope I was slightly helpful. . Bye for now.
Hi! How's it going?
Good I need some good movies
What kind of movies do you like?
I liked Lars and the Real Girl
You might also like Muriel's Wedding.
OK, I haven't heard of that one unless it's the one where the old man transfers into the bride's body (?)
It's about an Australian girl who is obsessed with weddings and ABBA.
Nope, but will put on my list, a Bridezilla . I loved My Big Fat Greek Wedding
It stars Toni Collette, who was also in Little Miss Sunshine.
Have you seen The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel ?
Yes, that was great! Did you like it?
No, not yet, it's on my list
I think there might have been a sequel, but I'm not sure.
I believe you're right, but I can't recall the title name. . Maybe we should go watch some movies?
Sounds good. Take care!
Like war movies?  My favorite is Black Hawk Down
hello
I am wanting to see 12 Strong but haven't yet . I really liked Darkest Hour Did you see it?
I'm trying to use the movie pulldown and I can't find it . I like Black Hawk Down . and war movies in general
How about The Hurt Locker
I haven't seen 12 Strong
12 Strong didn't get great reviews so I didn't see it at the theater
I liked the The Hurt Locker
I want to see Dunkirk I hear its awesome
Have you seen Natural Born Killers
Nope, haven't seen that one, is it a comedy?
I haven't seen Dunkirk . Most definetely not a comedy. It's hard to classify . Psycedelic action movie si the best I can come up with
did you like High Noon
I'm not sure I've seen High Noon
You might like it, it's a classic war movie.  Engaging though an oldie
I just saw an oldie. It The Americanization of Emily . about a coward ww2 naval officer in england before d day
Oh, never seen it, is it a war movie about an orphan or war bride?
no, it's more or less about a naval officer trying not to get killed . during d day
But who was Emily?
some english chick. she's kind of a side note
That explains it!  How about The Inglorious Bastards ?  Seen it?
Black Hawk Down is good. I've seen it like 10 times. What a cast! . no, I've seen the newer one though
I'm just about to watch it again on Prime, today!
Yeah I have prime as well.
There's a newer Black Hawk Down ?????????????
I think we're done here. Got enough, you think?
Yep, as long as you have enough recomendations for the weekend we are!  Bye
Bye!
Hi! Have you seen any good comedies lately?
No I really haven't. Do you recommend any?
Well, let's see. I was hoping to get reccomendations from you, but I might have some. . There are some classics, like The Jerk or Ghostbusters . Or more modern films like Horrible Bosses . Dark comedies like World's Greatest Dad . Seen any of those?
I'm trying to use the list and I'm having a hard time.  Yes, I really liked Ghostbusters
No worries. Chatting can be tricky.
Did you like There's Something About Mary
Ghostbusters II was not as good, and I did not see the remake.
I totally agree with you about that. . You mentioned The Jerk and for some reason I hated that one.
If you like old Bill Murray movies I would also reccomend Stripes . Haha, different strokes for different folks. I DID like There's Something About Mary ! . Franks n beans!
I love Bill Murray and everything he does.
Me too! He is a national treasure lol . I am off to go watch some Murray movies now! Godspeed you, sir or madam!
Hello!  What kind of movies are you interested in?
Hi, I'm looking for something fun to watch.  Maybe like Frozen
That is a good movie!  If you want something fun, how about Tangled ? . It is animated also. . Or,  you might like to see The Lego Batman Movie .  I enjoyed that when we took our son to see it.
Tangled sounds good!  How about a climbing movie too, like Into Thin Air: Death on Everest
I would also suggest The Incredibles .  You could get ready to see the new one that is coming out. . I've never seen Into Thin Air: Death on Everest . . It sounds interesting, though. . I hope my suggestions helped?
Oh, The Lego Batman Movie is out for me, I dislike batman extremely!  Incredibles 2 sounds good. . Into Thin Air: Death on Everest was awesome.  The book too!
It's &quot;batman light&quot;, if that makes sense.  :)  Very tongue in cheek. . I'm more of a superman person myself.
I just HATE batman is all
Well, I hope you enjoy your movies!   You have a great day!
OK then, you too
Goodbye!
hi there! I would like to reccomend some movies to ya. What kind of movies do you like?
I;d like to see some war movies this weekend similar to Dunkirk , Darkest Hour , Atonement
Oh okay! . Have you seen Enemy at the Gates ? About Soviet troops during the siege of Stalingrad during WWII. Lots of great sniper scenes . Also, not a typical war movie, but Full Metal Jacket is just fantastic.
No I haven't.  I sounds good.   So does Full Metal Jacket t.  I really liked Black Hawk Down
i forgot about that one! So many good actors in Black Hawk Down and it is so grim yet so good. . Somalia looks terrifying lol
Yep.  It's on Prime and I'm going to rewatch it TODAY!
omg me too! i had no idea! Thanks for the tip! . Take it easy!
YOU TOO!  THANKS
Hi, how's it going?
Well!  Want to see a funny movie watch The Other Woman
Sounds good. Can you tell me about other funny movies?
I liked Lars and the Real Girl
Yeah, I liked that one too. . I also liked The Grand Budapest Hotel.
I also enjoyed What About Bob%3F
I saw that a long time ago. Pretty good!
I haven't seen The Grand Budapest Hotel
It's crazy funny!
How about The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel
Yeah, that was a good one! . Thanks for your suggestions!
I'm putting the The Grand Budapest Hotel on my list.  You could try Meet the Fockers
I saw the Fockers. Great stuff!
It was! . Give me another one you like
Hmm, let's see... . How about Legally Blonde? I hear there's a new one in that series coming out.
Oh yeah!  Legally Blonde was cheesy but very funny.  Thanks.  I'm going to watch a movie now!  Bye
Hello! . Do you have a favorite type of movie?
hey how are you . yes Fight Club . have you ever seen it? . war movies . I like them . and action movies
I have seen Fight Club , it was really interesting! Do you like David Fincher's other movies?
have you got any suggestions?
I like Seven . If you like action movies, I heard a lot of good things about John Wick
I haven't seen that, I'm like the only one that hasn't
I haven't either, my boyfriend raves about it
Seven is a good one . &quot;What's in the box?&quot;
He also really likes Source Code but I don't think that's really action-y . Haha yeah, poor Brad Pitt
that jake gylenhaal, right?
Yeah
give me two more
Snatch and Seven Psychopaths are the two action movies I really like
seen snatch and loved it! . seen Snatch and loved it
Brad Pitt at it again
yeah buddy . I think that's good. Thanks for the suggestions
Happy watching
Hello
Hi!  What's your pleasure?  War?  Black Hawk Down  is a favorite of mine
I don't really enjoy war movies. I much prefer horror. My favorites are The Shining , The Witch and Resolution
Have you seen The Shape of Water
No, but I'd like to . It won the Oscar for Best Film, right?
How about Cujo
Yeah, I saw it a long time ago . I liked the book better but the movie was okay
I really liked The Hatching though I thought the book was better
I've never heard of that movie . I'll check it out
I kinda thought of The Road as a horror movie
It was definitely depressing!
Again, I preferred the book!  World War Z  was good too
Can't go wrong with Brad Pitt
True enough!  Tell me one more of your favorites
I saw A Quiet Place last month and was really impressed.
Oh, I am waiting to see that one.  Guess I'll go watch a movie now!  Bye
Bye!
Hi.
Hello there!  What kind of movies do you like?
Suspense like The Manchurian Candidate
Are you in the mood for a particular genre?  Actor?  Anything in particular? . Oh, that's a good one.
I also like Mission: Impossible
How about Gone Girl ?  We loved that one.
I really liked that. Surprised myself
Another great suspense would be Unstoppable .
I haven't seen that one yet. . These are some good options. Thanks a lot.
My brother recommended it.  It has Denzel Washington, he has to stop a train. . Definitely!  Thank you! . You have a great day!
you too
Goodbye.
Hi.  If you're a horror fan The Shape of Water and A Quiet Place are highly recommended
I do love horror movies
If you're a war fan I liked Black Hawk Down and The Hurt Locker
I really liked A Quiet Place
Have you see The Hatching I preferred the book but . . .
The only war movie I've ever seen was Apocalypse Now . Do you know any war movies like that?
Apocalypse Now was an awesome film.  You haven't seen The Sniper ?
No, I haven't . Was Bradley Cooper in that?
How about zombie stuff?  World War Z  . Don;t know about Bradley Cooper I don't focus much on the actors' names
World War Z  was a really interesting movie . I liked how matter-of-fact it all felt . What's your all-time favorite movie? . I'd like to watch that
Yes, World War Z  was great!  My favorite movie is Against All Odds . What's your all time favorite?
Oh, Jeff Bridges is great . I like Fargo
Oh, yes, Jeff . . . sigh! . I haven't see Fargo
It's worth a watch but it's kind of bloody . I'm going to check out The Sniper
A little blood goes a long way with me. . You may find you like it!  Black Hawk Down is, I think, better.  Gonna go watch movies now, bye
Bye
It's Fri-yay!
Hello!  I'm in the mood for an advernture or fantasy.  Something similar to Pirates of the Caribbean  . . Or like The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring . Something to promote escapism.  :)
Did you see Avatar
Oh, yes, but it has been so long.  I would like seeing that again! . Love those blue people.
An older movie is Pan's Labyrinth I found it be a little dark
I like dark.  I can't remember if I've seen it, but it sounds familiar. . I'll look it up. . Thank you for the suggestions! . You are appreciated.
you're welcome. have a great weekend.
You, too.  Goodbye.
Hi. Plans this weekend?
Good afternoon!  I'm in the mood to sit in the cool air conditioning and watch a good ghost story. . Something like, well, Ghost Story , for example.
Ha ha. There's Sleepy Hollow High
But, not silly like Ghostbusters .  Like it, not in the mood for it. . Oh, I've not seen Sleepy Hollow High . . I'll have to look it up.  Is it scary or funny?
A little of both. Did you see The Blair Witch Project
Yes, that is one of my favorites! . And, I haven't seen it in ages. . Those are great suggestions.  I appreciate them!
A more recent one is Get Out  It's not a ghost story but has a bit of a horror vibe
I liked Get Out , but it hasn't been that long since we watched it.  Good suggestion otherwise.
Well have fun binging!
I'm going to look up Sleepy Hollow High for sure.  Thank you! . Goodbye.
TTFN
Hi. Can you recommend some movies for a kids slumber party?
Hi, girls or boys?  Frozen for girls The Jungle Book for either.
A few of both. Jungle Book was awesome.
I saw Ferdinand and boys and girls loved it
That's a great idea. My kids haven't seen that one.
The Lion King never gets old either.  Tell me a few of their favorites
Yeah a classic. We saw it in the theater. . These are some great ideas. Thank you.
Did they like Shrek
Thsy sure do.
So tell me a few they really liked
My husband likes that one too, so that helps. . Thanks so much for your help. Have a great night.
Hi there. . Can you suggest some good sci-fi movie? . I love Star Trek and Star Wars , but maybe something outside of those genres?
Well, I liked The Abyss
Oh, man.  I haven't seen that in FOREVER. . It is great!!
I also like The Hills Have Eyes
I think I have that on DVD, too.
Did you ever see Never Let Me Go
Is The Hills Have Eyes  a scary one? . No, I've never seen Never Let Me Go .  Is that sci-fi?
Yes The Hills Have Eyes was scary for me!
Well, those all sounds like excellent suggestions.  I'm going to check them out.  I'm leaning towards watching The Abyss . . Thank you so much for the help!
In the broadest sense Never Let Me Go was.  I also am a big fan of Blade Runner . What 's your all time two favorite movies?
Blade Runner  is great, too.  I don't have any particular favorite, just love movies in general.  You have a great night!  goodbye!
If you could tell me two you like it would help out
Hi! How are you today?
I'm a little frustrated by folks who don't read well, but otherwise GREAT!  Do you like war movies?  I loved Black Hawk Down
Not a fan of war movies. Can you recommend some good comedies?
I also really enjoyed The Other Woman
I haven't seen that yet, but I've heard good things about it.
I;m a Bill Murray fan so I liked Stripes and What About Bob%3F
Yes, I liked both of those movies. He was also great in Caddyshack.
Tell me some of your favorite comedies
I liked Bridesmaids and Baby Mama.
I haven't seen either of those two.  I'll put them on my list
Enjoy!
Hi there. How are you?
Good. Tell me three of your top favorite films
Good. I'm looking for some decent comedies recently released. . I like The Interview Game Night and Anchorman
Meet the Fockers is fun.  So is The Cable Guy
I've seen the first one, but haven't seen The Cable Guy
The Other Woman was really, really funny though the critics weren't fans
Cool, I will have to check them out.  Thanks for advice!
So what's your favorite Bill Murray film?
I like What About Bob%3F
Mine was S3 . bye now.
Hello, how are you?
Good.  Tell me three of your favorite movies
Okay. . . I like Thor: Ragnarok The Avengers and Solo: A Star Wars Story
Have you seen Deadpool or Never Let Me Go
I have seen Deadpool,  but never heard of Never Let Me Go. Is it good?
I really liked Never Let Me Go it's kinda of sci-fi flick.  I also really liked The Shape of Water
The Shape of Water was enjoyable . Thanks for the recommendations.
How about your favorite comedy?
I liked The Hangover
Seen The Other Woman or Lars and the Real Girl
Those were both enjoyable
Got a favorite Bill Murray film?
I will check Never Let me Go. Thanks again, bye for now. . What About Bob%3F  is goos
Hi. How was your week?
I'm looking for some light sci-fi.   Week is OVER!
Something like Star Trek Beyond . And there's the original Invasion of the Body Snatchers
Well, that's OK.  I was thinking more like robot stuff like the kid with the AI teddy bear.  I also liked Never Let Me Go
There's Big Hero 6
Oh, Invasion of the Body Snatchers was good so was Cocoon
You have good taste.
Never saw Big Hero 6 but I'll look at it.
It's animated. I think you'll like it
Thanks!  Not real into annimation!  I guess I could take something like World War Z
Whatever you choose,hope you have a great weekend. Sounds like you deserve one
What are you watching this weekend?
I'm torn between going to see Ocean's 8  and staying in to watch Kubo and the Two Strings
have fun
Thanks. You too
Hi how are you ! . What kind of movies do you like ?!
Good.  Tell me your three favorite movies so I can make good recommendations
I really like Inception Enough and Vacation
Have you seen The Abyss The Shining and Meet the Fockers ?
I only seen Meet the Fockers !!! Hilarious movie omg . And Meet the Parents
I liked meet the parents too.  How about Lars and the Real Girl ?
Hmm never seen it I will have to add it to my list
You might like it if you liked Meet the Parents and you might like Father of the Bride as well
I seen Father of the Bride ! Super good
It was!!!  I also really like The Other Woman Had me rolling on the floor
Omggg I wanna watch g again !!!
Another FAN!!! YES!  Time to go watch a movie!  Nice chatting with you!
It* . Yess lol you tooo bye :)
Hello
heloo how are you?
Not bad. . I love thriller movies. Do you know any good ones such as Prisoners
I haven't seen that one but I love Red Eye
Oh wow I have not seen that one. . Do you know any other ones? . Red eye sounds very intriguing .
One of my favorites is The Silence of the Lambs . I love anthony hopkins
Of course , that is a classic. Amazing movie , can rewatch it at any time
My favorite genre is horror, do you have any suggestions for me?
I just saw A Quiet Place a couple days ago. Its more monster horror but it was still a nice movie to watch . Sadly , I am not a huge fan of horror so I can't really help you there
I saw that, I thought it was an excellent use of silence in a horror film, especially for a first time director
Yea and it was a great thing that they casted an actual deaf girl to play the role . Makes the movie feel more real after learning that
Yes, representation is important . Have you seen any good comedies lately?
No I have not , have you . I been meaning to watch some.
Deadpool 2 was hilarious, I would definitely recommend it
Oh of course that was a great movie , I personally preferred the first one tho
One of my favorites overall is The Jerk . I also really enjoy mel brooks movies like Young Frankenstein
Oh thank you for the recomendations . I usually dont watch movies from the 70's but i might check it out in the future.
they are definitely worth your time
Well anyway , Thanks for the good conversation. Goodbye.
Hello!
Hi how are you?!
Doing fine, and you?
Good thanks for asking what kind of movies do you like ?
I tend to like things that are visually distinctive with multiple layers to work with.  I lean towards animation most of the time because of its expressiveness.  A good example would be the bleakness of Waltz with Bashir, an animated documentary that just throws away objectivity and tries to recreate a war moment through the eyes of its participants. . What do you tend to like in films?
Hmm that’s pretty cool I will have to check that out and pay attention to it ! . I like comedy and action especially Inception
Have you seen any of the Three Flavours Cornetto trilogy ( Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz, The World's End )?  They're delightful combinations of genre satire and genre tributes with tight cinematography and a delightful wit, directed by the person behind Baby Driver . . They're quite British, but are otherwise extremely distinct and, despite not being connected in terms of story, feel like a cohesive series. . (they also have running gags throughout, some of which are things brought up very early in the films and come back as a punchline you'd almost forget)
I haven’t but I will add them to my list for sure !
Any other films you like in particular?
I usually watch American films
In that case, I can just recommend the aforementioned Baby Driver, a fun and tightly-choreographed action film packed with wit, a heist film where almost everything is in sync with the music.
Is it on Netflix ?!
I'm not sure, but I can check . not at this point, unfortunately
Ahhh dang no worries I’m sure I will be able to find it somewhere even the video store !
To top things off (and fulfill my requirements), there's an anime film from a highly-regarded director that inspired many elements of Inception, Paprika by Satoshi Kon.  It's not to everyone's taste, but it might be worth a go if you want that kind of surreal head trip. . Unfortunately, I'm running low on time, so I'll have to stop there.  I hope that at least some of these are appealing and that you find at least one enjoyable. . Have a good evening.
No problem I really appreciate your thoughts burn :)
hello!
Hello . I love action movies . Do you know any good ones?
Me too! . I am a big fan of Die Hard
WOW that is also one of my most favorite action movies
It's a classic
My favorite is probably Terminator 2: Judgment Day
That is also a solid choice! . The best of the terminator films
Oh yea for sure easily
Do you watch any international action films?
Yes Korean action movies are my favorite . Such as Oldboy  and I Saw the Devil
have you seen The Man from Nowhere . I love both of those!!
No that is the one action movie from Korea that I have not seen surprisingly . I just could not find a good quality version of that movie
It used to be on netflix
Dang I would have checked it out for sure. I have heard great things about that . Have you seen The Chaser . Another solid korean action movie
Train to Busan  is also excellent . No I'll look into that for sure
Yea but I felt that movie was too melodramatic but I still enjoyed it a lot
The ending really got me
Yea I saw it coming but it was still sad to see . Hated the businessman so much in that movie
Yeah I was just waiting for him to die, he lived longer than I thought he would
Well do you know any good thrillers ? . Like Gone Girl
Seven is one of my favorites
Yea it is one of my favorites too. David Fincher just knows how to make really nice movies . You should watch The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo  if you have not seen it yet
Oh I did watch the original, not the american remake . I have really enjoyed this conversation, I'm glad we got matched up
Same. thanks for the conversation. . Goodbye.
Goodbye
Hello
Hello
What kind of movies do you like?
I love comedy movies . Can you recommend me something like Juno ?? . or Hot Shots!
Well I dont really watch a lot of comedy movies but something that comes to me is Game Night . or Paul . Those are some great ones
I saw them, they were ok
Have u seen Superbad . or Wedding Crashers
I loved it!! . I apreciate youy recomendations my friend . Thanks
No problem. . Goodbye.
Hello!  What kind of movie are you in the mood for? . If you aren't sure, I can make general suggestion.  For example, I would recommend seeing Ocean's 8 . . It is a very smart movie with great actresses.
hey sorry . didn't see you there . how are you
That's okay. . I'm good, how about you?
Im good
Are you in the mood for something particular?
looking for a movie with some adventure . something like National Treasure . or Jumanji
Both of those are great! . I would recommend going to see Solo .  My friend told me it was worth the price of a ticket. . And, if you like Jumanji , did you ever see the most recent Jumanji ?  It was funny.  Definitely a different concept.
I haven't seen it but I heard it was awesome! . I haven't seen the new one but I do love The Rock.
Me, too!
I will definitely check both of those out.
Great!
Thanks for the recommendations!
I hope you have fun watching some movies!
Goodbye!
Good morning!
hi . how are you
Are you looking for a movie to watch today?
yes I am
Cool.  What kind of movie would you like to see?
I'm looking for something fun like One Crazy Summer . or Better Off Dead
That is an oldie but goody!
yes. I grew up in the 80s and love those type of movies.
I was actually about to say Better Off Dead . Haha.
lol
You would probably like Risky Business . . Tom Cruise doing Bob Segar in his underwear.  Doesn't get much better than that.
haven't seen that one in forever . it is a great movie
And, you would like Grosse Pointe Blank , of course.  It has John Cusak.
Oh yeah! Great movie.
I mean, John Cusack.
I am going to check out both of those! . thanks!
Yes.  It might not be an 80's movie, but it's good. . You're welcome!  Have fun watching some movies!
You are right . thanks again. . goodbye
Goodbye!
Hello!
Hello!
How are you . What kind of movies do you like
I'm great, thanks for asking!  I'm in the mood for a great 80's horror film.  My favorite horror film of all time is probably The Lost Boys . . If you want to suggest something not from the 80's, that's okay, too.  If you can think of something similar to that era, it's good.
A Nightmare on Elm Street is super good !
Yes!  We loved that movie.  It was scary back then, campy now. . I've seen that recently.  Can you think of another?  We also loved Child's Play .
Hahha exactly ! Still gives me shivers lol . Have you seen The Fly ?!
Freddy was definitely one to give shivers.  I think I slept with my light on after seeing it. . Oh, yes!  That's the one with Jeff Goldblum, I think?
I haven’t seen it in a while but from what I could remeber it was ok lol . Yes you’re right !!
I haven't seen that in ages.  It would be a fun one to see.  Thank you for reminding me about it! . You are awesome and much appreciated!
No problem it would be perfect for a movie night :)
Goodbye!
Awe you are too nice chatting :) bye!
Hi!
Good morning!
How are you doing today ?!
I'm doing great!  I hope you are, too.
I am thank you :) what type of movies do . You enjoy watching
I was thinking of putting on a classic movie. We love anything, really.  I was thinking of something along the lines of North by Northwest . . It was a thrilling action movie.  Hitchcock never disappoints.
Don’t think I’ve seen it is it an action movie ?! One of my favorite classic movie is Pretty Woman im a julia roberts fan . Have you seen San Andreas ?!
I remember that one.  I remember seeing it when it came out and being in love with it.  I had the soundtrack on a cassette and played it in my car. . I don't believe I've seen San Andreas  yet.  You liked it?
Awee really ! Yes it was excellent very nostalgic . Yes I like it a lot it’s with Dwayne Johnson! I’ve seen greater action but I enjoyed it . Inception is another good one
Oh, I love The Rock.  :)
You should definately watch it then :)!!
I haven't see Inception , either.  I'm going to look up those movies today! . Thank you for the suggestions!  These sound great.
Yes! It’s with Leonardo DiCaprio
He is great!
No problem !! It was great chatting with you !
You, too!  Goodbye!
Bye!
Hi there
Hello!
How are you ?
I'm good, and I Hope you are as well!  I'm  in the mood for a silly comedy.  Something along the lines of Weekend at Bernie's , perhaps?
Okay great ! . I love comedies ! Have you seen Wise Guys
We love crazy movies.  Police Academy  is another one we like but we saw that recently. . I forgot about Wise Guys .  I seem to remember liking it. . That has Danny Devito in it, I think?
Yesss awesome movie !!!! I also enjoyed Fun with Dick and Jane . Yess Danny :) love him
1986 was my year.  I was a senior in high school.  I'll look that one up. . I don't think I ever caught Fun with Dick and Jane .
Yesss it would great to watch !!
Who was in it?
Jim Carey is in it
Oh, yes, that's a must, then. . I'm looking both of those up.
And Alec bowen
Thank you for the suggestions!  You are awesome!
Anytime!! Nice talking to you bye !
You are very much appreciated!  Goodbye!
Good morning
Hello!
I really enjoy a great action movie know of any ?
I love action movies and would be in the mood for that any time.  :)  Something like Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom . Do you have any suggestions?
Omg ! Indiana Jones  is my favorite !!! . Die Hard is a classic
I also liked Romancing the Stone .
Mad Max: Fury Road was pretty decent
Yes, I saw Die Hard  over Christmas so it's pretty fresh in my mind.  I probably wouldn't watch that today.
Never seen that movie I will have to check it our
I never saw Mad Max: Fury Road , but I did see the ones that were out in the 80's.
Out*
I'll have to check out Mad Max: Fury Road .  Thank you for the recommendations.
Yeah there kind of similar just updated version I guess you can say . Anytime I hope I was a help !
You were.  Thank you!  I hope you have a nice day!
Thank you ! You too bye
Goodbye!
Good morning!
Hi
What kind of movies are you into?
I like It . its a cool horror movie I think they did well on the remake
Oh, I never saw that, but I love horror and have some suggestions! . There is one that I saw on Netflix one weekend that I don't think people realize is really good with a cool concept.  Come Back to Me . A murderer who can bring his victims back to life.  You'd just have to see it.  It's cool. . Also, one of my all-time favorite horror movies is The Cabin in the Woods .  That has a sci-fi feel, too.
I haven't seen it, but I think I saw a similiar movie with that premise Happy Death Day
I haven't seen that one but keep meaning to see it. . You have good taste in movies obviously!
Thanks you too
I hope I've been helpful to you?
Yes very thanks!
Great!  Have fun watching some flicks.  Goodbye!
Hi! What kind of movies do you like?
I like horror movies. My favorites are The Witch and The Shining
Have you seen The Ring?
I love The Ring
How about The Blair Witch Project
I actually haven't seen that one! But I know it's a classic.
It's good. The camera work can make people nauseous, though.
Yeah, I heard that
and, of course, there are classics like The Exorcist. Have you seen that? . and Poltergeist?
Yeah, the old ones are great. I love The Exorcist  and Rosemary's Baby . . My boyfriend won't watch horror movies with me, only comedies. Can you recommend a comedy?
Try Scary Movie ! . Ha
Good idea! . Thanks, I'm gonna try that one
have a great day!
you too~
Hi, how are you today?
Hi. I'm good. How are you?
I'm good. What kind of movies are you looking for?
I like family movies like The Greatest Showman
Do you like older Disney films like The Shaggy Dog? Or Escape to Witch Mountain?
I've seen those. They are pretty good!
Or for something newer, you might like A Wrinkle in Time .
I haven't seen that yet, but I have read the book and I really liked it. I'll have to watch the movie.
Yeah, I loved that book when I was a kid! I hope they make movies of the sequels.
That would be great! . Thank you for the suggestions!
Another newer family film is Isle Of Dogs. Have you seen that yet?
No, I haven't seen that one.
Hope this helps you find what you're looking for.
It helps a lot. Thank you! . Have a great day! Bye
Hello. How are you today?
I'm good. How are you?
Great! . What kind of movies do you like?
Can you recommend any good family movies that tweens might like?
A great one is The Princess Bride. Have you seen that? Also, High School Musical  is good too.
Those sound good. I don't think the kids have seen them yet. . They're nieces, not my kids. So it's not like I am a bad mom who doesn't know which movies her kids have seen. :)
Have you seen Diary of a Wimpy Kid or The Karate Kid? Those are both great!
I saw the original The Karate Kid with Ralph Macchio, but not the new one. Haven't seen Wimpy kid. But they're good suggestions.
Another good idea is Beauty and the Beast. This is the live action, not a cartoon so they might like it.
I think they saw that one already. But maybe they might want to see it again. . Thanks for you help!
I hope I gave you some good ideas . Have a great day!
hi there . how are you?
Well. How are you?
Great . what type of movie are you looking for?
Something scary. . Do you have any recommendations?
have you seen Insidious ? . or The Possession ?
No I haven't seen Insidious. What is it about?
Its a scary movie about demons . google the name and enjoy the trailer
I'm not into demons. Any ideas that have real-life villains?
Unbreakable ?
It looks like Saw!
huh?
It looks like Saw.
No, nothing like Saw
Well I only viewed the first 360 seconds of the trailer so far.
Its about a guy who can not be hurt. Kinda like a superhero. He goes after real life bad guys. The villian of the movie is the opposite....his bones are like glass.
Thanks.
anyways, i hope you liked my suggestions.
But it does seem to be a movie that messes with your mind.
Have a great day! Goodbye.
Hello. . Do you know any good horror movies?
Yes rings
What is Rings about?
It is horror movie where the little girl fears all as a ghost coming out of the well.
I think I've seen part of it.
Oh nice why don't you see the full movie
Maybe if it comes on TV.
Yes it may come in festival occasions otherwise you may see in amazon prime videos.
Thanks. Have you ever seen Scream. That's the kind of horror movie I like. . Though I didn't really like Scream 4.
Yes i saw the movie it is very much scremy.
Scremy? . Scary?
it very much fears me, yes scary.
What other movie scares you?
The conjuring.
Then The Conjuring will be the movie I will see.
Yes the movie fears you very much, keep your mind strong enough.
Thanks for the suggestion. Goodbye. Have a great day.
Thank you very much dude.
Hello. What kind of movies do you like?
I like dramas and westerns.
Dramas like The Help?
I've never seen that, but I like movies like Whiplash and Inception
Oh. I've never seen those. . What about Remember the Titans?
Haven't seen that either, sorry. . Inception is by Christopher Nolan. Have you seen any other Christopher Nolan movies, like The Dark Knight or Dunkirk
Nope. But I am familiar with Interstellar.
I like science fiction movies like that. Any recommendations for me?
The Happening and Species. Also Jurassic Park.
Good choices. Did you see Jurassic World
Yes I have. I assume you liked it. I didn't.
I didn't see it! I heard it wasn't good.
My favorite Jurassic Park movie is the second one.
I've only seen the first one. I should probably watch them though
Yes. You should. And while you're watching movies from the 90s, see Independence Day.
That one I have seen! Although I didn't like it. Did you see Independence Day: Resurgence
Yes. I didn't like it. I liked the first one though.
Well, thanks for the recommendations. It was fun talking to you!
You're welcome. Nice talking to you, too. . Bye! . Wait, though. . Which movie will you see?
I will see The Happening.
Okay, thanks. Have a good day.
Hi!
Hello.
How are you . What kind of movies do you like
Good. I am the recommender.
Ok I like action and comedy and good ones you know of
Rush Hour. You get comedy and action in one.
Such a class love that movie ! As well as Rush Hour 2 and Rush Hour 3 I liked them all . Classic*
Yes, me, too. . What about The Fast and the Furious franchise?
Yess my favorite of all of them is The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift
I'm not a fan, but there's a lot of action in them.
Really?! Yeah there’s a ton with a hint of comedy and other movie stuff you would recommend ?!
Into super hero movies?
Yes! Last movie I seen was Black Panther seen it 3 times lol
Well look for Avengers: Infinity War. It's still in theaters.
I’ll be sure to do so. Thank you for recommendations have a great day bye !
Bye.
Hello.
Hi, how are you today?
Good. Do you like comedies?
Yes, I do. Can you recommend some good ones?
Bad Moms if you like raunchy comedy. Rush Hour if you like action comedy. And The Nutty Professor if you're looking for something more family friendly. . But you do have more options. Haha.
I've seen Bad Moms and The Nutty Professor, but not Rush Hour. I'll check it out. . Have you seen the new Overboard? I saw the old Overboard, and I was just wondering if the new one was any good?
Do you like Bad Moms and The Nutty Professor?
Yes, I liked those.
No, I haven't seen either.
The original was pretty good. It has Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell. . I don't know anyone who has seen the new one yet.
Goldie Hawn. She's was the thing back in the days, right?
Oh, yeah. Mostly in the 1970s and 1980s. . She was hilarious in Private Benjamin.
Sorry I haven't seen the new one though.
Thanks for your suggestions. It was good talking to you!
You're welcome. So you liked the Rush Hour idea?
Yes, I did. Thank you!
Rush Hour?
Yes.
Okay. Bye
Hello. What's up?
Hi tell me what kind of movies you like.  I saw The Shape of Water it was great
I'm looking for a movie to make my boyfriend uncomfortable.
Oh then you gotta get The Other Woman It will have him squirming
What's the plot? . Sounds like a movie for him!
gals get together for revenge on guy who played them all . Lars and the Real Girl was good too.  Super dorkey guy . There's An Officer and a Gentleman if he's being a heel.
Haha. Sounds good. Is The Other Woman the grown up version of John Tucker Must Die
I haven't seen John Tucker Must Die but I'll put it on my list!
Keep in mind they're still high school.
If you're feeling really mean you do do Fatal Attraction . I think all my suggestions are at most PG13
What about Misery? I think that's the right one.
Misery I read the book and it was GRIM!
Eerie smiling here.
Carrie and you could give him smoldering looks!
I think I made my decision, dear stranger! . Can I get a drum roll?
OK then drummmmm roll!  Which one?
Misery and The Shape of Water!
Have fun!  Bye
Thanks! . Bye
how are you?
Hello . I’m good you?
what kind of movies do you llike? . I'm good, thanks.
I really like comedy and action and good recommendations ?!
have you seen Safe House with ryan reynolds and denzel?
Omg no ! I will have to add that to my list, isn’t it pretty good ?!
One of favorite movies. How about The Town ?
Is*
Safe House is a CIA action movie and The Town is a bank heist movie
Oh yes I seen The Town pretty good movie
speaking of CIA if you like comedies you'd like Central Intelligence . you seen it?
Sounds so familiar, but I don’t think i got the chance to go see it ! Lol
I'm sure you've seen Half Baked , right?
I’ll definately have to catch it ! Yesss I have such a classic :)
Central Intelligence has the Rock in it
Yes I belive I seen clips of it coming out to the theater but never caught it
another action movie is Natural Born Killers . kind of a psychedelic action flick. My favorite of all time
Hmmm gotta check that out too thank you so much for the for all the recommendations I really appreciate it :) . Nice chatting bye !
goodbye!
Hi, how's it going?
Hey I'm in the mood for war movies!
Have you seen Saving Private Ryan?
Did loved it!  Really loved Black Hawk Down and The Hurt Locker too
Have you seen the original movie version of MASH?
Yep saw MASH Waiting to see 12 Strong
How about Dunkirk?
Nope, not seen that one yet, but I did see Darkest Hour
How did you like it?
I greatly enjoyed Darkest Hour and Dunkirk i s on my list, I saw a documentary about  how they made the movie.
For &quot;old school&quot; warfare, you might like Braveheart.
Braveheart  is a classic and favorite of mine as is High Noon.  I'm gonna go watch some movies.  Bye
OK, bye!
Hi, how's it going?
Good!  Looking for some Sci-Fi
Have you seen Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi?
Saw that.  I really liked A.I. Artificial Intelligence
How about Jurassic World? . I haven't see A Quiet Place yet, but my friends tell me it's really good in a creepy kind of way.
Oh, I love all the Jurassic Park stuff I also liked I, Robot
You might like Lost in Space.
Yeah I've heard A Quiet Place is good.  I really enjoyed Never Let Me Go . Saw Lost in Space it was GREAT!
Danger Will Robinson! :)
Oh, and Dr. Smith!  &quot;Never Fear, Smith is Here!&quot; Your suggestions are very good!
Thanks! Have a good time watching sci-fi!
You have a great weekend!
How are you? What kind of movies do you like?
Hi ! . I love action movies !! But I’m bot picky . Not*
How about Safe House , have you seen that?
Yes I seen it I really enjoyed it !
another good action flick is The Town . Safe House  is one of my favorites
Love Ryan Reynolds
Heck yeah! . He's great in Deadpool
Mines too, hmm I don’t belive I seen The Town
have you seen Deadpool 2 ?
Omg Deadpool 2  was hilarious
check The Town out. Ben affleck and Jeremy renner
For sure I will! Might even try to catch it tonight if It’s on Netflix! . Have you seen Inception
and Natural Born Killers is my favorite of all time
With Leonardo DiCaprio
I have seen it . well have a good night!
Ahhhh yesss ! It is I actually watched it a couple years ago . You too bye !
Aloha!
Hi, want a romantic movie?  Say Anything... is good
I love romantic movies I haven’t seen that one one of my favorites is P.S. I Love You . I will check it out . August Rush was another good one
P.S. I Love You was good.  How about Sleepless in Seattle and/or When Harry Met Sally... or even Love Story
I seen Sleepless in Seattle I have not seen the other two though  which one you would prefer to watch first
Love Story will make you cry!
awe would it ?! I better make sure I have tissue so then lol and some good popcorn
The Way We Were is one of my all time favorites.
Another favorite of mine is Pretty Woman . I seen that movie sooo cute
How about An Officer and a Gentleman ?
No I have not seen that either that will be added to my list as well ! . Thank you for the recommendations :)
If you like Richard Gere, An Officer and a Gentleman was his finest hour. . Hey you too!  Have a great weekend!
Nice chatting with you!! Bye have a great night . I dooo ! I’m going to check it out . Thanks you too
Hi. Having a good weekend?
Great so far.  I need something unusual to watch that will hold my attention.  I liked Never Let Me Go
Never heard of that but The Shape of Water was kind of other worldly . Thank You for Smoking is a dark comedy . And Rachel Getting Married Ann Hathaway is an alcoholic and wreaks havoc at her sister's wedding
Yep,  that's what I'm looking for and I haven't seen that The Shape of Water yet. I hear A Quiet Place is good too!  I haven't seen Thank You for Smoking but I'll put it on my list
Hope you enjoy them. Have a great night
Haven't seen Rachel Getting Married but on the list it goes.  I like robot films too, like I, Robot . Have a good weekend.
Hi. Can you recommend something to watch tonight? . It's been a long week I'd love to binge on romantic comedies
If you like Sci-Fi how about I, Robot or A.I. Artificial Intelligence ? . Romantic comedy, how about When Harry Met Sally... or Sleepless in Seattle
Haven't seen either. I did see Minority Report . Tom Hanks is awesome.
I loved Minority Report and Blade Runner you could Lars and the Real Girl for your romantic comedy!!
That's a good idea. I always wanted to see that. . Thanks so much. ((leaving to pop popcorn)) Have a great night
Lars and the Real Girl was fun and touching. . You too!
Hi . How are you
Hi . Glad it's the weekend that's for sure
Omg me too lol !! What kind of movies do you like ?!
I like classic movies. Like The Thin Man  and The Maltese Falcon
Have you seen The Penthouse . Penthouse
No. Haven't heard of it. Who's in it?
Or Oliver!
You know I like the stage version of Oliver!  better.
Warner Baxter is in it ! . Really!? I have not seen the stage version I will have to check that out because, that I sent one of my favorite movies
Thanks so much for the suggestions
When Ladies Meet is another good mivie
have a good night
Movie* . You too bye
HI
Yo. What do you want to watch this weekend?
Something suspenseful like Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation
Red Sparrow got good reviews.  Independence Day was good too
I wanted to see Red Sparrow. It looks good. Did you see Spectre
Nope haven't seen Spectre   I like Never Let Me Go there's a real twist in it
Haven't heard of that one. I'll have to check it out. Any other ideas?
Did you see Fatal Attraction or A.I. Artificial Intelligence they're twisty too
No, haven't seen either. these are some great ideas. Thanks so much
you're welcome!  Do you enough to get you through the weekend?
Think so. If not, I know where to find you. :-)
Have fun!!!
Thanks. Good night.
Hi. I want to veg out this weekend. Know anything that's not too heavy?
How about Chappie or I, Robot
Never heard of Chappie. I Robot is a little to technical for me . I could watch Footloose  every time it comes on TV though
How about War for the Planet of the Apes that was fun
Woody Harrelson, right? I loved him in The Hunger Games
Independence Day was good and is exciting enough to keep you awake
I'm writing all this down and will check Netflix for these. . Thanks so much. Nice chatting with you.
OK then also try I Am Legend and have a good weekend
Hi what kind of movies do you like?  I like war movies Black Hawk Down is a favorite of mine
Tomorrow night are the Tony Awards. I want to watch some musicals that were turned into movies like Les Misérables
The Greatest Showman was a musical from this past year.
I LOVED that. I would pay to see it again. But Hugh Jackman is a god, so. there's that.
By the way I don't know why my responses are doubling . Glee: The 3D Concert Movie is old, but there was a similar movie but the name escapes me right now
I didn't know Glee was a movie. Do you remember Wings of Fame . I mean Fame
Singin' in the Rain was a favorite of mine as was South Pacific . I do remember Fame wasn't Dirty Dancing about the same time?
Yeah it was 80s. I forgot that was turned into a play too . Thanks for the suggestions. Time to get to work. And by work I mean binging!
There was Annie from that time too! . Have a good weekend
Hello.
Good night
Know any good movies?
Off the top of my head the movie Shrek comes to mind. Only because alot of lines from it are stuck in my head . If you dont like animated stuff I rewatched John Wick recently have you seen it?
No I haven't. . Know something a little more mature but not so crude with humor? . I'm okay with animated though.
I saw The Usual Suspects for the first time last week, it wasn't half bad
It took you 23 years to see it?
0_0 never was a fan of action movies. Didn;t think I HAD to watch it lol
You didn't HAVE to do so. I'm joking.
There are probably many classics that I've never seen but I'll check em out eventually. But this is not about me. . Whats one of your favs?
Seen Law Abiding Citizen. The Usual Suspects sounds similar.
:) . Ok cool
I like The Boxtrolls, Rush Hour, and Life just to name a few.
Awesome. Hope you choose one of these to enjoy. I might check out a few of them myself
I'm feeling childish, so I think I will check out Shrek. . There's not too many fart jokes in it, is it? . Eddie Murphy better be worth it.
Like one fart joke but it's more than just the frat boy humor and Shrek 2  is awesome as well . Hope you like it
Okay. I hope I do as well. Thanks. . Bye.
Bye
Hello . What kind of movies do you like?
I don't particularly care for animation, but I did like Ferdinand
Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I like Fatal Attraction
Have you seen anything from this century like Gone Girl  and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
Yes, I believe Ferdinand is from this century!
I meant for thrillers not animation
No, I didn't see Gone Girl though the book was good and I didn't see The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo though that book was good too!  I did like Red Sparrow somewhat
Huh thats interesting because I only heard negative things about red sparrow
No accounting for taste! . Did you see Phantom Thread
yea i did. I love daniel day lewis and his movies but that was not something that I enjoyed . it was a very well made movie for whats its worth
It was depressing.  Did you like A Beautiful Mind
Yes , it is my favorite movie by russel crowe. I like it even more than Gladiator which was awesome too
Gladiator was wonderful! . I;m going to go watch a movie now,  Bye
Well goodbye.
Hello . What kind of movies do you like?
Hi night . Don't really have a favorite type . Just watch whatever is interesting
Hmm. What is the most recent movie you saw that you liked then . off the top of your head
I saw Deadpool 2
Of course , that was a great movie. Very entertaining . You should check out Borat . if you like comedy movies
Thanks I'll check it out . I guess I sorta like superhero films no matter how tacky they are. Avengers: Infinity War was good too
That makes sense. . Have you seen Kick-Ass . by any chance . Its not a traditional super-hero movie but its still considered one and its great
I loved that movie. I do think I liked it because of the approach it took to the superhero thing as well . Its been a while since I've seen it I might just rewatch it tonight
How about Watchmen . Zach Synder might not have done well with the new dc movies but I loved that movie . have you seen it/
I have heard of it but never got around to watching it . Think I just might
Its phenemonal especially if you see the directors cut . I highly recommend that version of the moive
Well that sounds splendid. Will do . Thanks for these
No problem. . Goodbye.
hi
hi . how are you?
im fine . what is your favorite kind of movies to watch?
i love action movies . I just finished watching The Hitman's Bodyguard . and Deadpool . can you recommend something good?
sorry the light bulb in my bathroom blew out so I went to change it
ok
I am sure you have seen Taken
yes . loved it
Yeah that's kind a staple action flick . How about John Wick
definitely . John wick was great also . I think I might watch it again....now
Sounds like a plan
thanks for the suggestion.
you're welcome . bye
have a good night. goodbye
Hey. How are you?
Hi. I am good, thanks for asking. What about you?
Good, as well.
Can I recommend you something? What kind of movies do you like?
I like comedies and horror.
I love comedies, The Hangover is my favorite. Have you seen it? . I am not a big fan of horror movies, I can't sleep at night after. The only movie I really liked is The Ring
No, I haven't. And that might be too crude for me. But then again I haven't seen it. . I like being a little scared. I've seen parts of The Ring.
I see. Maybe you should watch Daddy's Home . Daddy's Home is a good family comedy, there is also a second part Daddy's Home 2
I actually wanted to see that. Though I've heard Daddy's Home 2 took a turn for the worse.
As for the horror movies, I also liked Omen . Very scary movie ) . Honestly I only watched Daddy's Home . I liked it . I was planning to watch Daddy's Home 2 tomorrow. Hopefully I won't be disappointed like you said
Hopefully not. . I like the recommendation for Daddy's Home.
Let me know if you enjoyed watching it next time )
Okay, if there is a next time!
Hopefully , have a good day )
Good day to you, too!
Hello!
Hello my friend. How are you today?
Well. What about you?
I am good as well, thanks . How can I help you today?
Looking for a movie to watch with my boyfriend. I want to make him uncomortable. . *uncomfortable
lol i see. How about Fifty Shades of Grey ? Have you watched it? I think he might be pretty uncomfortable . There is also 2 more parts Fifty Shades Darker and Fifty Shades Freed
Yes, I've seen it. I haven't seen the other two though. . It's not the best movie, but it was okay.
I actually liked Fifty Shades of Grey . I watched Fifty Shades Darker with my husband and he was uncomfortable.
That's funny.
I agree with you Fifty Shades of Grey is defiantly not worth watching again
Why in particular was he uncomfortable?
What about Borat . Maybe this will work . In other hands Borat was making me more uncomfortable, not my husband . Fifty Shades of Grey is basically a movie for girls. He didn't like it and he said it was dumb . lol
Have you seen How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days or Fatal Attraction?
I saw How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days . I liked it. I haven't seen Fatal Attraction . Did you like it? Is it worth watching?
If you're in the mood for revenge, Shakespeare style.
Google says that Gone Girl might be uncomfortable to watch together. Bit I don;t know why. I loved Gone Girl . Gone Girl is exactly about the revenge! Maybe you should go with this one
Maybe because she fakes her own death, right? . Is there a bit of mystery or suspense in Gone Girl?
Yes by I can't say it's uncomfortable. Not to me I Guess ) . There is for sure a lot of mystery in Gone Girl
Alright I like that idea. I'm going with Gone Girl!
I hope you'll enjoy! Have a good day !
Thanks! Bye.
Hello . I like crime movies
Me too!
can you recommend me some
Have you seen Prince of the City ? . It's an older one, but it's really great . Christopher Walken stars in it
i really liked No Country for Old Men
I loved that movie!
Yes i have seen that one its great . I like Walken also
The Coen Brothers do crime movies really well . Like Blood Simple , their first movie . Have you seen it?
I havent seen it
You should!  It's excellent . And, ,like No Country for Old Men , it is set in Texas
I think i will, you should see Seven if you havent
Another great crime movie is The Sting . I loved Seven
oh great i think i will watch Blood Simple . THanks! . Bye!
Bye!
Hi there!  What kind of movies do you like?
hI I am looking for something different. Usually I like war movies like Black Hawk Down
I loved Black Hawk Down ! . What about In Harm's Way . ? . It's a classic . Really great cast
Never sawy In Harm's Way but I will check it out
Another oldie but goodie is Midway . Have you seen Inglourious Basterds ?
I like sci-fi too.  A.I. Artificial Intelligence and Never Let Me Go were favorites
That's a different take on war movies . A.I. Artificial Intelligence was terrific
I liked The Inglorious Bastards and Midway also High Noon . Have you seen The Shape of Water
Yes!  I loved it! . Have you seen Pan's Labyrinth ?  Same director . It's a war movie too . actually
No, not Pan's Labyrinth  yet.  I have it on my list . Thanks for the suggestions.  Have a great day!
Excellent!  Time to watch some movies!
Hello!  What kind of movie are you in the mood to see today? . I can make some general recommendations if you aren't sure.  I watched Black Panther  last night for the first time.  It was pretty good.
hey
Hello!
I haven't seen that yet but I do love comic book movies! . I just watched Thor: Ragnarok last week
Oh, nice.  I bet that was good.  How about Iron Man ?  It is one of my favorites out of the super hero genre.
yeah, that was a great one.
Of course, my all-time favorite super hero movie is Superman .  Can't beat the original.  I love Christopher Reeves.
Not a big superman fan.
If you want to see something with a comedic slant, you could find The Meteor Man .  It was funny.
hahaha I love that you suggested that. Such a fun movie.
Yes, it was.  I saw that when it was released.  I'm telling my age now.
I think I have some great suggestions. Going to go watch Black Panther now.
I hope I've helped!
you did . have a good one. Goodbye.
Have fun watching movies!  Goodbye.
Do you like smart comedy?  If so you might like Lars and the Real Girl
I liked that one. Since the Tony Awards are tonight, I thought it would be fun to talk about musicals.
The Greatest Showman was well regarded.  I've not seen it myself
I've been wanting to see that one.
Do you like the oldies like South Pacific . There's also Singin' in the Rain with Gene Kelly
Yes, I like the old ones. South Pacific was great. So was Singing in the Rain. Of course, my all-time favorite is The Sound of Music.
Oh, yes The Sound of Music  and don't forget Mary Poppins
Anything with Julie Andrews! :)
Too bad about what happened to her voice!
I know. I'm glad she's still getting work doing voice overs for animated films, but it isn't the same as hearing her sing.
No, it's not!  Well, I thiink I'm going to go watch a movie.  Bye
Bye, and thanks for chatting!
Hello!
Hi the Tony's are tonight have you seen The Greatest Showman
I'm looking for a movie to watch with monsters.  For example, I loved Colossal . . I have seen The Greatest Showman .  It was great!  Loved the music. . I saw that recently, though, so I'm looking for something different.
Monsters, Inc. has monsters!
Yes, very cute monster.  I like that one. . I also liked The Cabin in the Woods .  It probably has more monsters than any other movie.
Chappie wasn't really about monsters, but it was good
I haven't heard of that.  What is it about?
I haven't seen The Cabin in the Woods .  Chappie was about a robot.  I'm into robots!  I loved A.I. Artificial Intelligence and I, Robot
I'd probably like Chappie , then.  Love sci-fi, loved the other movies you mentioned. . Thank you for the suggestions!  I'm going to look up Chappie  for sure.
Good.  Happy watching. bye
Goodbye!
Good afternoon.
Hi there.  Tony's tonight.  Did you see The Greatest Showman
Yes, I've seen that one recently.  I really liked it, but looking for something else. . How about another musical?  Maybe something like La La Land
Something musical like Oklahoma might be good
That's an oldie but goodie! . Hmmm.  I don't think I saw the one from 1979.  That might be good to look up.  I saw Oklahoma!
Fame ?
Wow, I LOVE Fame , both the movie and the show.  I also really enjoyed Mamma Mia!
Dirty Dancing ?
That's also a good one.  I think I'm going to check out this Oklahoma from 1979, Oklahoma . . I'm curious about it now. . Thank you for the suggestions.
You're welcome.  Enjoy.  Bye for now
Goodbye!
hey . how are you
Hi, I like robot movies A.I. Artificial Intelligence is a favorite as is Chappie
chappie was an awesome movie! Loved it.
I liked Blade Runner too!
have you seen I, Robot
I, Robot  is another favorite of mine . I haven't seen Blade Runner 2049 yet
have you seen Ex Machina . that was really good
No, I haven't seen Ex Machina but I'll put in on my list
great . hope I was helpful . have a great day. Goodbye
Hi!
Hi. How are you? . What kind of movies do you like?
Can you recommend a movie for me that has British actors or is set in Britain?  An example of this would be Four Weddings and a Funeral . . I'm doing okay, thanks.  I hope you are, too. . I also really enjoyed The Full Monty .  It was a hoot.
Thank you . I am . I haven't seen The Full Monty  or Four Weddings and a Funeral . But let me think a little , because I am not really good with British actors )
That's fine.
I love Benedict Cumberbatch. Have you watched The Imitation Game ? I heard it's really good
Yes, Benedict is great!  I saw it but it seems as if it's been a few years.  It would be good to see again. . Of course, the Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire movies are always nice to see again.  My son really enjoys them.
I think you will enjoy The Imitation Game . I will also recommend you Love Actually
Yes, that is a great movie as well.  Thank you for the suggestions! . I appreciate it!
That's right! I completely forgot about the Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire . I loved also Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone . First one is classic
Yes, it is.
I didn't like Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince though. What about you?
I'm not sure out of which of Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire or Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban  is my favorite. I liked them both. . I enjoyed Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince .  It was a sad ending.
I agree with you Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is also very good. Maybe that's why I didn't like Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
You are awesome!  Thank you for the chat!
Thank you ! Have a good day !
You have a great afternoon.  Goodbye!
hi . how are you?
Hi , I am good, thanks. How about you?
im good
What kind of movie do you want to watch today?
I just finished watching the new Ghostbusters . looking for something funny
How did you like Ghostbusters ?
it wasn't bad, had some funny moments
I assume you watched Ghostbusters and Ghostbusters II ? I mean it's classic !
Yes, the classics were so damn good.
I would recommend you The Bridesmaid
haven't heard of that one
I would also recommend you Heartbreakers . It's very funny! About a mum and a daughter who brake men's heart to get money from them
I have seen that one. . I think I am going to check out The Bridesmaid.
Good choice ! I hope you'll enjoy watching it
Thanks for your suggestions. Have a good day. Goodbye.
hi how are you doing?
Hi. How are you?
im good
I am good, thanks.
what kind of movie would you like to watch?
I would like to watch something funny today! Can you recommend me best comedy ever? . I really want to laugh out loud ! )
sure . if you are looking for something that is a bit older I would check out Old School . something newer . Fist Fight was really funny
Yes, I've watched Old School . I liked it . . I haven't seen Fist Fight . What this movie about ?
Its about a couple teachers
Can I watch Fist Fight with kids?
the teachers end up mad at each other. . It depends how old the kids are.
8 years old
Yeah, probably too young
Fist Fight t sounds really fun ! Can you recommend something else? I would like to have more options
for family friendly have you seen Inside Out
Or maybe something I can watch with a kid . Inside Out is awesome ! My kid absolutely loved it. . Her favorite movie is Up . Maybe you've seen this one
I'm actually going to watch WALL-E in a little bit....another good one. . Up was great!
I think we watched WALL-E . It was also great! I think you would love it !
awesome. . Alright, well I hope my suggestions were good for you. . Have a great one. Goodbye.
Thank you for you recommendations ! I . Bye
Hey there, can I recommend a movie for you? I love fantasy movies, like The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
Hi, sorry yes!
: )
Well, I actually am not a fan of that whole trilogy but I know it was a good film.
What sort of movies do you like?
I love a good comedy or animated movie like The Secret Life of Pets
Awww. I love animated movies, too.
I'm excited for Incredibles 2 . Can't wait it comes out June 15th I believe. . I also just fell in love with Coco . Such a sweet movie. ♥
I saw The Secret Life of Pets and really liked it. . I'm not sure that I've seen The Incredibles
I'm also a big Wreck-It Ralph fan can't wait for Ralph Breaks the Internet
So I'm not sure if I would want to see the second one, but I loved Coco !
Oh you must see it! . Incredibles one is such a cute movie about a superhero family.
Wreck-It Ralph ! That one's good, too.
Mhm, many good sequels this year!  I'm quite excited for it too! . Well, thanks for the chat my friend.
Excellent, thank you!
Hello, how are you today?
Hi, I like horror films like Frozen
That wasn't a horror film, aside from all the singing LOL . However how about Maleficent
Frozen was about a couple stranded on a ski lift overnight
Oh... I thought was that animated musical. . Forgive me, haven't seen or heard of it.
That's the other Frozen the one with the bad singing!
LOL, yes! . I figured you were being funny as it was such painful singing. . How about It there's a new one now It
I liked Never Let Me Go as well though the horror was subtle
Or what's that one I remember people saying was scary Veronica
I never saw It or It
Well, sorry I'm not the best of help today lol, but hopefully you will find something to watch with these suggestions.
I haven't seen Veronica was Veronica also horror?
Not sure, I haven't actually seen either lol
Did you see The Shape of Water ?
Nope, never even heard of it.  Is that horror?  I need to catch up on some horror films soon! . Did you like it?
Yes it was billed as horror and no not yet. . Thanks for your suggestions I will check them out!  Bye
I'll have to check it out. . You're welcome, bye for now.
Hi, I'm looking for a good Western movie to watch with my boyfriend. I enjoyed Westworld, the series.  I didn't particularly like  Do you know of any good ones? . Woops, didn't particluarly like The Magnificent Nine
Well, I only recommend movies!  How about a good war movie Black Hawk Down was great!
Black Hawk Down was a little violent in my opinion. But I'd probably watch it again if he wanted to see it. . I did enjoy The Inglorious Bastards
How about Wild Horses
I've never seen Wild Horses . Sounds like a good idea.
There's a western I wanted to watch Dead Birds
I . I've never seen that one. Thank you for the suggestions!
There's another one called Ten Dead Men
Thank you for the chat. I look forward to watching some new movies soon!
Have a good weekend
Hi, I'm looking for a good Adventure movie to watch with my boyfriend.  I liked Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom    Do you know of any good ones?
How about a horror movie Frozen
Lol, I see what you did there. I've seen that one, and thought it was cute. lol
No, that's the other Frozen you're thinking about.  My Frozen is about a couple stuck on a ski lift.  One is eaten by a wolf!  Honest
Oh... . I did not see the horror one.
It made quite an impression on me!
That sounds really good, though. I like Thrillers. . Will definitely give it a hot. . shot
What thriller is your favorite
Hmmm, probably Inception . I enjoyed that one. . Do you have a fave Thriller movie?
Inception was GOOD!  I enjoyed Open Water though that vears toward horror as well
I need to watch Open Water then. Thank you for the chat!
I liked Psycho . Have a great weekend!
You too. : )
Hi, I'm looking for a good SciFi movie.  I liked Alien  because of its really good use of camera angles and special effects. Back in the day they didn't use computer graphics. Do you know of any good ones?
Did you like The Purge
I saw that one, but I didn't like it, because it was so sad and deeply disturbing violence.
How about Children of the Corn
Erm, I saw that one too. Way too freaky for me. I thought it was distrubing too.
Yes, they both were disturbing!  Would you prefer a comedy romance like Lars and the Real Girl
Horror is a little bit different than Scifi. I liked  Blade Runner
Oh, have you seen Blade Runner 2049
I haven't! I know what I'm going to watch soon. Thank you for the suggestions.
have a good weekend
You too!
Hi, I'm looking for a good old school Disney animated movie.  I enjoyed Robin Hood  . Do you know of any good ones?
How about Frozen and/or Ferdinand
I saw Frozen , but have not yet seen Ferdinand . It looks good, though.
Ferdinand was TERRIFIC!  If you like old school there is always Bambi and Snow White
I might ultimately watch Beauty and the Beast , but I've seen both Bambi and Snow White . I've also seen the older version of Snow White
The Secret Life of Pets isn't disney but is still very good
Thank you for the chat! I really appreciate the suggestions.
Have a good weekend
Hello!  What kind of movies are you into?
Hi!  I'm into horror at the moment like Children of the Corn
That's a great one.  I remember seeing that when I was a teenager. . How about another old one like The Amityville Horror ? . The original was the best in my opinion.
I also liked Rosemary's Baby and Frozen
Yes, those are great.
Oh, yeah, the The Amityville Horror
How about It's Alive if you are a Rosemary's Baby  fan?
I have just seen The Witch which is pretty good
It's about a mutated baby.  I remember it scared me when I was a kid but haven't seen it in years. . That is a great movie. . You have good taste!
I haven't see It's Alive but that goes on my list . Thanks for the suggestions!
I hope you have fun watching some movies! . Goodbye!
bye
Hello!
Hi what kind of movies do you like?  I just saw The Witch
I'm in the mood for a movie with a good love story.  But, not Love Story .  Something a little bit more upbeat. . The Witch  was good, but I'm in the mood for something different.
How about An Officer and a Gentleman or When Harry Met Sally...
A good love story that is upbeat is WALL-E .
I loved WALL-E !  How about Chappie
Oh, yes.  I love An Officer and a Gentleman and haven't seen it in ages.  I am so in love with Meg Ryan in When Harry Met Sally... , too. . I've never seen Chappie  but heard of it.  I'll have to check it out.  Thank you!
Pretty in Pink was fun
Yes, that was my senior year in High School, so it was a popular movie then for sure. . Thank you for the suggestions!  I appreciate it!
You're welcome.  Have fun watching!
Goodbye!
HOE ARE YOU? WHAT KIND OF MOVIES DO YOU LIKE? . so rry about the yelling.
Hi!  I'm liking psych thrillers like Open Water
wow. ok . have you see The Silence of the Lambs ?
I just saw The Witch and enjoyed that!  The Silence of the Lambs was pretty creepy, but good!
I know. Have you seen Cape Fear ? . robert deniro
I did see Cape Fear and loved it!  I also really liked The Birds
I have not seen that. hitchcock? . oh boy
Oh, you've gotta see The Birds , Hitchcock at his very best!
well. ok thanks for the suggestion. Take it easy.
you too and thanks
goodbye
how are you?
Hey there, can I recommend a movie for you? I'm doing well.
I like action and war movies
Hmmm. Have you seen Black Hawk Down ?
I have, excellent movie
Another good one is Inglourious Basterds rds
I like Saving Private Ryan type stuff . I've seen, it was great!
Hmmm, have you seen Pearl Harbor ?
I have, ben affleck was alright in that, not his best
Good afternoon!
Hey how are you?
Are you in the mood for a particular type of movie?  I am fine, thanks!
I'm looking for some war or action movies
Ah, I think I can come up with a few of those.
okey dokey
How about Full Metal Jacket ?  It's an older one but still a good watch.
I have seen it a bunch of times. even recently. love it!
Also, Black Hawk Down  is terrific.
defenetly seen that. how about action movies?
I like Tom Cruise so I enjoyed Born on the Fourth of July .
I haven't seen that . I'll check it out . action movies?
I think a great action movie would be Kill Bill: Volume 1 .
I haven't seen that. thanks for the advise. take it easy
That would be good if you don't mind violence.  Of course, seeing as how you like war movies, I&quot;m sure that's not a problem.
goodbye
Goodbye!
hwy how are you?
How about some horror films recommends?
sorry . give me a sec . Occult have you seen that?
I liked The Birds and Children of the Corn and Frozen
or The Devil's Rejects , that's a good one
No, I haven't seen Occult  but I recently saw The Witch which I enjoyed . I'll check out The Devil's Rejects
I'm having a hard time spelling
Yeah, me too, all the time!
alright, well have a nice night
You too!
Hello!  How are you?
I'm great!
I'm in the mood for something by Stephen King.
what kind of movies do you like? . I love him . The Mist is a good one . have you seen it?
We saw Thinner  again recently and it made me realize I want to see more. . I don't think I saw The Mist .  I'll check it out.
Carrie is another classic
Oh, yes!  I love Sissie Spacek.
that's an even better book . sh eis awesome
I also saw the more recent version Carrie  and I thought it was well done.
The Shining  is THE classic . ok
Yes, it is!
well you have a nice night . and check those out
You, too!  Thank you for the suggestions! . Goodbye!
How about some comedies?  I liked The Other Woman
how are you? what kind of movies do you like? . Half Baked is a classic . Me, Myself & Irene is jim carrey at his best . Pineapple Express is freaking hilarious . ok . how do you feel about those? . I kind of like that stoner comedy as you can see
I guess more romantic.  Like When Harry Met Sally... and 50 First Dates
that was a good one . Me, Myself & Irene is like that
Me, Myself & Irene sounds promising
well that's all i have . good luck and good night
bye and thanks
how are you? . I like action and war movies . like Full Metal Jacket
Good.  Have you seen Black Hawk Down or the The Hurt Locker
or Saving Private Ryan . I've seen them both and loved them
How about Darkest Hour and Dunkirk
I have not seen those I will check them out . how about one more
I like the classic High Noon as well
ok . I will check that out . thanks buddy. goodnight
how are you? . I like war and action movies . but comodies are good too . comedies, lol
Good.  What kind of movies?  How about Saving Private Ryan or Full Metal Jacket
I've seen them they are good
Good comedy was Lars and the Real Girl and I liked The Other Woman
those are the type i like . I haven't seen those
Oh, you might enjoy them. 50 First Dates was interesting too
well I think those should be good . I'm not a rom com kinda guy . have a good night
Oh, too bad.  Well, happy watching
how are you? . I like action and war movies
How about Darkest Hour did you see that or Dunkirk
like Full Metal Jacket . I haven't seen those. are they good? . I really need to see Darkest Hour
The Green Berets is a classic.  Yes, Dunkirk  and Darkest Hour were good
I need to see that too . john wayne is way cool
The Dirty Dozen is another classic
I need to see that too. . that should be enough. thanks for the suggestions . goodnight
You have a good evening.  Enjoy
how are you? . I like war and action movies
How about a war comedy like MASH
I love that movie . I also like Full Metal Jacket
It was GREAT wasn't it?  How about The Green Berets and Black Hawk Down for action?
haven't seen the john wayne one. the other is excellent
Atonement have any appeal for you?
I ahven't seen that . i will check it out
The Zookeeper's Wife ?
well I have enough to check out . thanks. goodnight
Happy watching good night.
Hi, how's it going?
good how are you . what kind of movies do you like?
I'm babysitting next week and need some help finding good movies for kids.
so kids movies
Yeah, like for early elementary school aged kids.
how about Up . that's a good one
That's a good suggestion. I don't think the kids have seen it.
or Pets  . I loved that
I haven't seen that one. Is it animated?
Toy Story is a classic, kind of . yeah its animated
Oh yeah, I love the Toy Story movies!
and Toy Story 2 . just as good
They're all good.
ok. well have a nice night
Hi! . how are you
hey, how are you . I'm looking for war and action movies . got any reccomedations?
Sure . Great Action movie will be Inception
I seen that and loved it
Also have you seen Avengers: Infinity War ?!
I have not . I'll check it out . my parent sae that last night
Yes its pretty good as well as Black Panther . Really how they like it?!
they loved it . any other recomendations?
Have you seen American Sniper ?! . or Jarhead
I have not. I'll checkit out . thanks for the suggestions . goodnight
The Commuter was pretty good as well! . no problem bye!
Hi. Do anything fun this weekend?
hey how are you? . trying to find a movie . I like action movies . any suggestions?
I hear Solo: A Star Wars Story is good
haven't seen it. I love star wars . ok
It's the back story of the Hans Solo character. What about Avengers: Infinity War
I haven't seen that either . parents saw it yesterday . ok
What did your parents think of it?
they loved it . what else?
Breaking In is also supposed to be good. It's about a family that fights back home invaders
Ok. I'll look into that . maybe one more.
And on Thursday Incredibles 2  comes out. I actually can't wait to see it
I'll look into that too . alright thanks. Have a goodnight.
You too
Hi! . How are you
hI.  Like war movies Platoon
I’m looking for a good action and comedy could you recommend any to me please ?!
Raiders of the Lost Ark was good
Hm okay never seen it but I’ll be sure to add to my list. Any others ?!
Action comedy, hmmm MASH was also good.  What's your favorite movie?
Omen of my favorite movies right now wouldn’t be Black Panther and Inception . The latest comedy I have seen was Jumanji
The Other Woman  is my favorite comedy along with 50 First Dates but those aren't 'action' comedies
Omg I loved 50 First Dates sooo cute :)
Snakes on a Plane is an action comedy I think
Yes it is ! That wasn’t pretty good ! Thank you for your suggestions ! Have a great night bye :)
You too!
Hello there ! . What kind of movies do . you like ?!
Hi. I love James Bond . I heard today that the actress who was the original bond girl died.
Ahhhh great so you like action! Have you seen San Andreas . Wait seriously omg died from what?!
She was in her 90s
Wow so sad :( she lived a good long life though
I did not see that one. i did see 2012 and liked it
Yes that was a great movie  have you seen The Commuter ?! . A good action movie
No, I haven't seen that either. Who was in it?
Liam Neeson played in it main character . It actually cam
Oh I remember the trailers. I don't like him much. It's like everything he does is a variation of Taken
Came* out this year . Yes I can definately see that correlation, did you ever watch Takers one of my fave action
No, I haven't heard of that one either. You've given me a great list. Thanks a bunch
No problem glad I could be a help great chatting :) have a nice night. Bye
Hi. Can you recommend a some family friendly movies?
Sure how about Ferdinand or The Jungle Book . Honey, I Shrunk the Kids and Back to the Future  are also good if you're not into animation
I loved Jungle Book. There's another live action version coming out this year. It's called Mowgli
Oh, I hadn't heard about Mowgli
Your ideas sound great. Thank you. . Have a good nigt
You're very welcome
HI. Did you have a good weekend?
yes I did . I'm looking for an action movie to watch . do you have any suggestions?
If you're a James Bond fan Skyfall and Spectre are two of the best
I like james bond
And then of course there are the superhero movies like Wonder Woman and Black Panther
Those seem good, haven't seen them
Wonder Woman was actually quite good. Can't wait for the sequel.
yeah I like spy stuff . alright, well thanks. You have a good night. . ok
how are you
Hi how about some recommends for romantic comedies?
what kind of movies do you like? . ok. . 50 First Dates . Wedding Crashers is my favorite
Yep, loved that and Lars and the Real Girl . Didn't see Wedding Crashers but I liked The Other Woman
I'm trying to think of some more . Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is a most excellent movie . thats about all I got
Must Love Dogs is a favorite of mine is as Sleepless in Seattle
I'm not much of a rom com guy . ok . well have a nice night
how are you? . what kind of movies do you like?
Good. Watching the Tony's and making a list of the movie musicals I haven't seen yet . Would you believe I've never seen Grease
wow . I don't know many musicals . but I have seen that
Haha! What's wrong with me then?
nothing, I just usually watch war and action movies . there is Gone with the Wind . The Wizard of Oz . Ive seen those
You consider that a war movie? I was thinking more like Dunkirk  or Saving Private Ryan
and Aladdin is a good one . yeah those are war movies
Thanks for the tips. Have a good night
well, have a nice night.
how are you doing?
Hi I'm in the mood for horror
what kind of movies do you like? . The Shining is a classic
I liked The Witch
Carrie is also a classic
Loved The Shining also liked The Birds and The Hills Have Eyes
Oculus was great too . I've seen them. they're great
I never saw Oculus but I'll add it to my movie list
yeah it's fantastic. really.
I also liked Frozen
I have to check that out . others have recommended it . well have a good night
The Shape of Water seen it?
how are you? . how are you? . what kind of movies do you like?
GREAT. how are you?
good. thanks.
I love Legally Blonde  and Mean Girls
ok. . have you seen Legally Blonde 2: Red, White & Blonde . my sister loved it
I did not see that one. I also liked Pitch Perfect
okay . I'm trying to think here . Half Baked ? . have you seen that? . it's hilarious
Never heard of that one. Who's in it?
dave chappele amongst others . it's a stoner comedie
He is hilarious. I'll have to check it out
probably the first of the modern era . well that's all I have . well that's all I have you have a good night
you too
hello tehre . I hope you are having a nice night . you can watch all sorts of good things like It . That's a classic . or you can watch Joe Maddison's War for something educational
I love that one
or you can watch The Sixth Sense . That's scary!
I seen the new one
Yes, and if you have kids . you can watch Moana
oh that's a good one too
I loved that one . yes! they are . If you like crying movies you can watch I've Lost My Husband! . It's sad
yuppers it is . thanks for the suggestions
or if you want to watch adventure you can watch Jumanji
goodbye
bye
hi there . good evening . its hot here inusa
hey there
I hope you are well
what movies would you reccoment?
you can watch various movies like Inconceivable
recommend?
its cool
ok
or The Blue Kite for a classic . or Run for Money
ok, what else?
that's drama
good one
Loverboy is a good one too . I hope these help
ok I might check that out
you can also watch Jill Rips . cool!! you will like them
okay I'll check these out. . thanks for the tips . have a good night
bye
hello there
how are you?
I hope you are having a great night . I am fine
what movie would you recommend?
thanks for asking . I hope you can watch Cult of Chucky for scary . or Waterboys for laughter . or The Little Mermaid with your kids
those sound good . I saw that in the theatres
or Popcorn for a classic . I hope these help you pick . I think they are good to watch
I like scary movies too
I am a movie fan
oh me too
They are cool. Like Horrorween is a scary one . yes me too . or Devil is another one
I have not seen that . ell thanks for the tips . have a good night
bye
hello there . I like all types of movies
ok . It
like Moana  or Princess  or Dogs  or Lost . cool I like that one
It
I am good for all types to watch . I am not picky . yes thats a good one
are both good horror flicks
I can watch those . great for telling me about them . Maybe some horror or whatever you want to tell me
Black Hawk Down is a great one
maybe The Kite
Carrie is a classic
or Loved !! . or yes carrie is cool . ok I can watch that later
well, that's all I have. have a good night
bye
hello . I love to watch movies
how are you?
I am a movie couch potatoe . yes I am fine . I hope you are fine too . lets name movies!
so you like all movies?
I like them all
It . It are both good
yes Moana  Princess  Jurrat  Kite . yes I can watch tme
Saving Private Ryan is a classic
Yes!! . good choices . I like those type of movies
Black Hawk Down is one of my favorites
Cool action . I love action
alright, that's all I have
even with old and new actors
goodnight
yes good night . good bye
hello
how are you?
good evening . I like to watch movies . I am fine . I hope you are well too . Lets name movies that I can watch tonight
how about It ? . and It . both good movies
something like Clown  or Conjuring  . Yes those are good movies to watch
Carrie is another one
ok I will watch . yes I will watch carrie with my friends . I can eat popcorn too
The Shining is a classic . you'll love it
oh my great suggestion . I will love that
thanks.
welcome!!
that's all I have . goodnight
alright . I love them all . bye
how are you?
good . and you?
what kind of movies do you like? . I'm great.
im in the mood for a crime thriller. kinda like Kiss the Girls
ok The Town might be my favorite of all time . Den of Thieves was awesome . 50 cent did a good job in it
oh wow . I haven't seen either of those
yeah they are great movies
which is better?
The Town . well that's all I have
Awesome. I am going to go watch that now
have a good night
Thanks. Goodbye
waIT . ONE MORE MOVIE . It
oh sure . I just saw that one
it was really good
very nice!
goodnight
goodbye
hey hey . how are you?
I'm great . thanks . s
awesome . what kind of movies do you like?
what kind of movies would you suggest . war and action . action mostly
I watch Death Wish  last night
like The Town
it had bruce willis . was really good
that sounds good . Den of Thieves was really good too . I like bruce willis
yeah can't go wrong with bruce . have you seen Red
Heat was super good . I have. good movie . more bruce willis . well that should do it. thanks . goodnight
awesome . goodbye
hello hello . how are you?
I'm good.  I'm looking for something funny, but not slapstick . Or, a good war movie like High Noon
hmm . war i can do . how about Saving Private Ryan
Yep, liked that one ok.
Dunkirk . is more recent and really good
Yeo liked that one ok . There was one about a violin? . Captain Corelli's Mandolin
oh I haven't seen that one
It was good.  I also like arty films, like umm, Phantom Thread . Oh, and I liked Big Eyes
big eyes was cool!
I also liked A Beautiful Mind and the one about the code breaker, Alan Turing
I grew up not to far from Princeton so that one I connect with. . great movie and story
I think the Turing movie was The Imitation Game . Oh, Princeton is beautiful . Got any other suggestions for me?
i'll leave you with this last one . The Theory of Everything . Your mention of A Beautiful Mind made me think of that one
Great suggestion. Have a wonderful evening.
Anyways I hope that was helpful. . Goodbye
hey how are you? . I need some suggestions for movies
I am fine. What type of movies do you like
action movies would be best, but whatever you think is good . ok . something like Black Hawk Down
Yes Black Hawk Down  is great. How about WWII movie&gt;
that would work . that would work . something like Memphis Belle
Have you seen Black
I have not . 'll check it out
Black  is a great movie full of adventure
ok . anything else?
Waterworld is a busy movie
oh. ok. I'll check it out . thanks . have a good night
you too
Hi I hope you like movies . I can recommend various kinds . like The Wizard of Oz
That's a good one.  How about a good horror film?
or Citizen Kane for a classci . you can watch Mad Max  or Bride of Chucky . those are good too . I hope you like The Third Man . that's a great one . maybe later you can watch Inside Out with your kids if you have some . eat popcorn too. It's fun.
Mad Max  isn't my style.  I did like Frozen and Never Let Me Go
yes!! I see. ok bye
The Third Man is a classic
hi . I love movies
how are you?'
I am a movie of family types or horror . anything really
It  is a good horro movie
like Inside Out . sure I can watch that
It is too. lol
or Moana I like too . Yes I can watch that
Carrie is a classic
or All About Eve . yes I can watch that!! . thanks so much
The Shining is also a classic
those are all good things . I want to watch that tonight
stephen king books that are movies
oh scary! . and so fun
alright. thats all i have . have a good night
bye
hi! you can watch many movies . like Spider-Man . that was good
sounds good
or A Star Is Born . that is good too
imight like it
or The Passover Plot . that is a classic
sounds like a classic . I like all kinds of movies
or Darkest Hour . that is a good one . yes me too . I like all movies
I've heard good things about that
First Kid is a fun one
thanks for the suggestions . goodnight
how are you?
hello watch It  or Home Alone  or Moana  or Haven . they are good movies
I need some movie recommendations
I am fine . I hope you are too . I love movies
anything works, any genre
I watch on week nights . I love popcorn with them . hope you watch some of tehse . they are classcis
ok
and fun too . great
I might, lol
that is awesome. . you can watch Measure of a Man too . if you want with your family . it made me cry
oh sounds heart wrenching
yes . ok bye
Hi, what movies do you like?
i'M LOOKING FOR HORROR FILMS . I just saw The Witch and I liked it!
Some classics are Halloween , The Exorcist , and The Blair Witch Project
yes, all of those are good.  Have you seen Frozen - a young couple trapped alone on a ski lift?
That's so funny. I watched that last  week. It was bad.
Oh, I enjoyed it! I also like Open Water - dive boat left couple in the ocean alone.
Ah ok. Nice talking!
Are you done making recommendations?
Yes.
Well, thanks then.
Hi
hey
What kind of movies do you like ?!
I need some movies to watch . anything really . make some suggestions
Okay, If you enjoy action I would suggest The Commuter if you haven’t seen it yet it actually came out this year . List of accolades received by Inception is a personal favorite of mine with Leonardo DiCaprio
that sounds interesting . I love that movie
It’s really good ! I also enjoyed Takers and Enough cause JLO was just too fierce in that movie lol
. I ahven't seen them . those sound good
Comedy, I would say Jumanji
I'll check them out . thanks for the suggestions
And Deadpool 2
goodnight
No problem :) bye
Hello . What kind of movies are you into ?!
Hi!  How about inspirational war movies like PT 109 or USS Indianapolis: Men of Courage
Okay sure ! Have you seen Full Metal Jacket
Nope, never seen that one but I liked High Noon and Black Hawk Down
Downfall  was one of my personal favorite I recommend . I seen High Noon . Pretty good
I haven't seen Downfall but I liked The Green Berets
Have you seen American Sniper ?! . Omggg I love The Green Berets soo good
I will check out D . Oh, American Sniper r was awesome except of course the ending
Yess I know I’m like ughh seriously lol
It was soooo sad!
Not going to lie I cried lol
Me too!  Poor wife, poor kid.
I know getting teary eye thinking about it . Paths of Glory another good one
I know.  Let's say good bye and maybe watch a comedy now.  Yeah, we could see Paths of Glory , but how about something non war!  Bye
Hahah I love that idea ! Bye have a great night
Hello
how are you? . I need some movies to watch . anything works
I’m good and yourself ?!
good thanks
If you like comedy Deadpool 2 was awesome . As well as Jumanji
ok I'll check that out . oh th enew one . I haven't seen that
Good action is Inception my personal favorite with Leonardo Di caprio . You should definately check it out !
good one, I've seen it . love that movie
Also have you seen Black Panther ?!
haven't seen that either
Me too!!! I might even watch it tonight lol
thanks for the suggestions . have a good night
Hello
how are you? . I need some movies to watch.
I’m doing peachy how are you?!
any suggestions? any genre . I'm great thanks
Okay sure ! I really like Enough with JLO
haven't seen that yet . what else?
The Avengers: Infinity War was lit!!
OK. My parents just saw that one
Really did they enjoy it ?! I really like Daddy's Home 2
saw the first one
Super funny I love Will Ferrell and Fun with Dick and Jane
ok thanks for the suggestions . have a good night
No problem bye !
Hello, good evening!!! I hope you have great internet connection so I can recommend movies to you!
Hi, how about a good drama movie like Phantom Thread
Sure, let me think. Please don't disconnect while I think. . Ok here is one Darkest Hour . another one is The Shape of Water r . another one is Molly's Game
No, I won't disconnect.  I also like war mo vies that are inspirational like PT 109 9
these are like phantom thread . I hope you will take time to see them as you will like them
Yes, Darkest Hour and The Shape of Water were both good
I think you will enjoy Darkest Hour the most . Yes they are! . Glad you seen those two!
I didn't see Molly's Game but I loved a A Beautiful Mind
Hostiles was a great movie! . ok bye now
so long
Hi!
how are you? . I'm looking for movies to watch . any genre, really.
I’m doing great: how are you?!
I'm great thanks
My favorite Disney movies would be The Incredibles and Finding Nemo . As well as Up
haven't seen those . they sound good
Good action movie would be Charlie's Angels
haven't seen that
As well as James Bond
well thanks for the suggestions . have a good night
Super good! . No problem . Night
Hi
how are you?
I’m super good. How are you ?
I'm looking for some movies to watch
What kind of movies do you like
I'm absolutely fabulous. thanks! . anything, any genre
Awe so great to hear!
ok
If you like romantic , a great classic is Pretty Woman
yeah I can watch any genre as long as its a good movie
As well as P.S. I Love You
great movie . ok haven't seen that
Yes I almost cried lol The Notebook is pretty food . Good*
ok . ok, give me one more good one
If you like drama, I would say Kill Bill: Volume 1
ok thanks for the suggestions. you have a great night
Has action as well . You too bye!
Hi!
hey how are you?
I’m good thanks for asking
I'm looking for movies to watch . any  genre
Okay I love romantic ! So I would suggest watching The Vow with Channing Tatum so good ! . Also August Rush
sounds good . haven't seen them . what else?
50 First Dates with Adam Sandler is pretty good too! . If you have not seen it
ok. haven't seen that either
And Breakfast at Tiffany's ! Wow you should definately watch all of them then !
ok . I should see that . I've heard of it . thanks for the suggestions . have a good night
Yes a classic ! . Your welcome
Hello
Hi do you like woody allen films like Sleepers
What kind of movies would you like me to suggest ?! . Yes I do! . My favorite is Annie Hall . Also Midnight in Paris
Annie Hall was good how about something else
Have you seen Anything Else ?! . Or Sweet and Lowdown
I didn't see Midnight in Paris or Anything Else but I liked Manhattan
Omg I love love Manhattan so good
I didn't see Sweet and Lowdown but I'm putting it on my list with the others . Great suggestions, thank you.  Bye
Anytime bye !
Hi
Hi!  I like movies about climbing, Into Thin Air: Death on Everest  is a favorite of mine
So like action ?!
yes, but based on a true story like Up Denali 3D
Gotcha ! The Vow was really good ! Have you seen it . Or Into the Wild
No, what was The Vow ow about
A married couple happily together but everything shifted when the wife got in a car accident and wasn’t in a Coma for a long time, after she wasn’t out of coma she was not the same
Into the Wild ld was not about climbing.  I mean like Vertical Limit
Have you seen K2
Nope, The Vow was not about the kind of climbing I'm referring to like The Wildest Dream
Or The Mountain Between Us ?! Those are climbing movies . Everest was pretty good
Well, The Mountain Between Us is sorta like it, The Summit is more what I'm looking for
The Wildest Dream is pretty cool have you seen it
yes, Everest is exactly right and I haven't seen it!  Great suggestion and I will check out The Wildest Dream thank you! . Hey have a great evening and bye
Yeah no problem ! Bye!
hey there . how are you
hey . sorry about that
no prob
I'm looking for movies . anygenre
How about Cast Away . I'm actually watching it right now. haha
I heard of that. I'll check it out . what else?
After this is over I was thinking of checking out Black Panther . If you are into comic book movies it is great.
ok. I'll look into that one . ok . ok . jeez . its being goofy
If those aren't up your ally The Theory of Everything . thats another good one
ok. I heard of that
and if you like something spooky. Insidious
okay. well thanks for the suggestions . have a good night
no problem. Goodbye
Hi.
Thor: Ragnarok
I don't like superhero movies.
Neither do I usually, but this film has some humor to it.
Can you recommend something purely comical?
The actions scenes are a majority of the movie, but it has nice graphics. . Do you like mythology? . I would rate this movie an 8 out of 10.
Nope, not enough to seek it. I like to be scared and to laugh at movies.
Step Brothers is a seriously hilarious. . it is extremely funny!
I seen part of Step Brothers. It seemed like an alright movie.
Will Ferrell and Mark Walburgh really compliment each other. . I laughed out loud throughout the whole movie. . I don't think you will regret watching it all the way through.
You really like the movies you suggest. . Any other Will Ferrell movies you can suggest?
Yes, otherwise I would be wasting your time.
True.
The Other Guys is also worth checking out. . That is actually the movie with Mark.
What's that about?
It is about two cops.  Will's character used to be a pimp. . Many good laughs to be had. . I hope you check them out. . Elf is good for Christmas time, but it is a bit corny. . The new Jumanji is way better than I thought.
I'm not interested in The Other Guys. But have you seen Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby?
Jack Black and the Rock play the roles of the avatars in the game.
It seemed funny from the previews years back.
There is a new one that came out last year. . It is much more funny than the original.
I was still referring to Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby by the way.
Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby was alright. . Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy  is another classic he is in.
You're not as enthusiastic about Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby, are you?
I just don't like the Nascar theme much.
I am familiar Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy. It looks like it can be good. . I will go with Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy. Thanks.
That sounds great enjoy it with friends.
I will. . Have a good day/night!
You also!
Hello!
Hey there, how are you doing?!
I’m doing great and yourself ?? . I’m looking for a great comedy and or action movie any suggestions
I'm alive and kicking
Hahah that’s a great sign !
English or Arabic?
English preferred
give me a sec
Okay sure
Did you like dumbanddumber
Yes Dumb and Dumber was pretty funny . The most recent comedy movie I saw was Jumanji and Deadpool 2
what did you think of Deadpool 2 ?
It was hilarious I want to go see it again lol . Have you seen Black Panther ?!
have you watched The Dictator ?
No is it pretty good ?!
Yes, I have seen it, It's a great movie. ( Black Panther )
I seen it 3 times lol
The Dictator  is very funny, but some people might find it to be offensive
I have not seen it though is it pretty good?!
Yes it is
I’ll be adding that to my list !
You, should do so!
Another favorite action movie of mine Ian Inception with Leonardo Di caprio . Is *
have you watched Kick-Ass 2 ?
No i haven The Who plays in it
Inception is a great movie, so is Blood Diamond . Old is gold!
I haven’t seen Blood Diamond ! . Thank you for all the suggestions I really appreciate it :)
You should really watch Kick-Ass 2 since you seem to be into comic books
Have a great day.  Bye :)
Kick-Ass 2  stars chole graze an araaon taylor! . Bye!
Hi
Hello . i have a date tonight
How are you
do you have some movies for me
Aweee omg sooo cute!!
i need to impress this girl
Do you guys like comedy ?!
Yes . but a great one please :D
I would prefer Deadpool 2 it’s hilarious
i have seen the Deadpool . first one i think its great
If you guys like thriller then Ocean's 8 is great too just seen it
but i prefer something with a little bit of romance in it
Adrift it’s actually made this year super cute drama romantic movie
oh thanks . i think i will go with that one . Thanks a lot!
If your doing a movie might at hones then I would suggest The Vow . With Channing Tatum . No problem !
I havent seen that one either
It’s soooo good ! Lol
thanks i now i have two great ones :D
Of course ! Nice chatting :) have a great movie night !!!
Thanks all best! . bye
Bye
Hello there
Hello!
How is everything
everything is fine here thanks for asking . i just have one problem
Anytime ! What type of movie do you prefer watching . What’s your problem ?!
i need a good crime movie . :D . i dont know what to watch . i really liked Mystic River
Some of my favorite is Takers
i have seen it its nice
And The Departed
Ah The Departed is a classic by now . everybody have seen it :D
Training Day was pretty good as well
i like it tho
Have you seen Snatch
Whats it about?
It’s about an illegal boxing promoter
oh i think i will go with that one . Thanks !
I also enjoyed The Commuter . Anytime :)
bye!
Bye
Hello!
Hi
i love adventure movies . i like The Secret Life of Walter Mitty . and just yesterday i watched Into the Wild
My favorite adventure movie is The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl in 3-D  ;) . The new Solo: A Star Wars Story is good
i have not seen it i will watch it . do you have any more good ones . i need them for this week, i have a lot of free time this week
The Dark Knight series is great if you haven't watched them
I have watched it . a good recommendation tho . something else?
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest is ialso a great adventure series
Thanks that is a great one i think! . bye!
Bye
Hello
Hi I'm looking for thriller movies
i know a lot of great movies . oh\ . my favorite genre . Have you seen Inception or Seven . both classics by now i think :D
I have seen Inception  but not Seven . Anything else?
Its a good movie , one of the best by imdb . Yes sure . Shutter Island and No Country for Old Men . both great no mistake in watching them
I should see Shutter Island for susre. . I love No Country for Old Men . It's my favorite movie
Oh great!
Thanks for the suggestions
glad i could help
Hi . i like romantic comedies . do you know some good ones?
When Harry Met Sally... and Love Actually are classics.
Yes i know them both great ones
What about Clueless and While You Were Sleeping
i like How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days and Notting Hill  . I dont know those two . Whats Clueless about?
It's basically a coming-of-age high school aged movie
I think thats the one . i like school movies . thanks a lot!
Bye
Good morning! . Are you in the mood to see a particular type of movie today?
Actually, yes! I have been looking for good comedies.
Great!  Are you in the mood for something recent like Ocean's 8 ? . Or maybe something older like A Fish Called Wanda ? . I've heard great things about Ocean's 8  but I have not seen it yet. . However, I really love A Fish Called Wanda .
I LOVE A Fish Called Wanda ! Kevin Kline and John Cleese are so great in that.
Yes, they are!  And, Jamie Lee Curtis was stellar.
She is always great in whatever she is in. I just watched Trading Places again the other day and I had forgotten she was in that.
If you liked that, you might like The Full Monty .  It is a hoot. . We saw that around Christmas again.  Trading Places .
I did not know they made another Oceans movie.
You have great taste!
Thanks! . Mostly because I am old lol
Yes, they did.  It has a female cast this time. . I am, too.  Haha.
Oh! Interesting! I might have to check that out.
I hope you have fun watching some movies!
You too!
Goodbye!
Hello . What is your favorite movie genre . i recently watched Into the Wild  its good
Hello . I've never seen that one . I like comedies mostly.
Oh . i know a few good ones . have you seen Wedding Crashers or Rush Hour . Rush Hour is with jackie chan its a classic
I haven't seen either of those. I've heard they are great though. I need to see them!
yes they are awesome . also check Step Brothers and Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story . also great
I haven't seen those either. Looks like I have some movies to check out! Thanks for the ideas!
No problem anytime! . bye!
Bye . Have a great day
hello . Avengers: Infinity War
hi . how are you
fine end you?
good . I do like comic book movies. . Infinity War was awesome. . Any others from the MCU that you would recommend.
Spiders 3D . is good
interesting . is that like Spider-Man: Homecoming ?
yes . yes
interesting . anything more like Venom
It is very good movie
Great. . Thanks for your help buddy. Have a good rest of your day. Goodbye.
how are you? . I'm looking for some movies to watch.
I'm doing great! Could I recommend maybe an adventure movie?
sure!
One of my faves is Raiders of the Lost Ark . Harrison Ford for the win!
I've seen that. It was a great movie.
Or mayne Blade Runner . (maybe)
I haven't seen that. Sounds like a great recommendation!
It's a classic 80's one.
ok. I'll check that out
Or perhaps Jurassic Park . Also a great pick if you like 90's movies.
That's sounds pretty good.
Have you seen it?
I have but it's been a long time
One of my all time favorites is The Goonies . Tell me you've seen that one.
I've seen that. It was a great movie. . Well, thank you for all of the recommendations!
You're welcome! . It's been a fun chat.
You have a great day! Goodbye.
Hey, How are you?
Hey there, can I recommend a movie for you? . I'm doing great.
sure. anything will work
Hmmm, well I could recommend a good Thriller. It's on Netflix right now: Hush
I haven't seen that. Sounds like a great recommendation!
It's super scary.
ok
Or I Curious George 2: Follow That Monkey! . if you like kiddie movies, that is.
I haven't seen that either . I might watch that with my son
Well since you have a son, I would recommend Coco . That one has come out recently.
ok. good one. . new one shave such nice animation . ones have. lol
Or maybe Thor: Ragnarok
my middle name is Thor
I watched that one just last night. It was awesome.
I haven't seen that yet though . Well, thank you for all of the recommendations!
You should! It has a good plot, and is also funny. . You're welcome.
You have a great day! Goodbye
Talk to you later.
How are you doing today?
Hey there. : ) I'm doing ood. . good
Can you recommend some movies to watch?
I've been looking around at some good Culinary films.
I'll watch anything that is good . ok. That's different . what do you have in mind?
One of my faves is Julie & Julia . It's about the famous cook Julia Child.
ok. I'll add that to my list . I know who she is. . Seen her a couple of times on TV
Also, how could I not mention Ratatouille ? . It's about a mouse.
lol. haven't seen it yet . check . what else do you have in mind?
Another good comedy is The Search for General Tso
ok. that's a cartoon, right?
No, it's a movie about the history of General Tso.
okay
Another good Indie one is Today's Special
I'll have to check that out . Well, thank you for all of the recommendations!
You are welcome. : )
Hey there! Can I recommend a good horror movie for you?
yeah I love horror . what do you have in mind?
It and It have to be one of my favorites. . There's something super scary about clowns.
I've seen the old one, not the new one . what else?
Also, The Babadook . I've never seen it, but I heard it was good.
ok. never heard of it . I'll look that one up
And interesing thing about The Shining is that the actress was actually pushed too hard by the producer and ended up displaying a lot of her true feelings on set. They kept all of the footage.
I've seen it. Excellent movie!
I think so too. : )
Well, thank you for all of the recommendations!
you're welcome.
You have a great day! Goodbye.
hi . how's it going?
hey how are you?
im good
I'm looking for some movies to watch.
what type of movie are you looking to watch?
anything will wor, any genre . work . as long as it's good
I just watched Death Wish  . it has bruce willis . it was very goo . d
I haven't seen that. supposed to be a classic action movie . oh the new one
yeah, just came out on dvd
ok. I'll put that on the list
If youare looking for more of a comedy Game Night was pretty good
OK. I haven't even heard of that one. I'll check out the reviews . what else do you recommend?
its more of an action comedy....pretty fun . Den of Thieves was good. It has 50 cent.
I just saw that. I frickin loved it
awesome
banging out with cops with ar-15s during rush hour . stalled in traffic . LOL
lol
what else do you recommend?
if you are into war movies 12 Strong was a good one . It's got my boy Thor, but not as Thor. haha
My middle name is Thor. Legitimately.
haha thats perfect
Well, thank you for all of the recommendations!
no problem
You have a great day! Goodbye.
have an awesome night! . goodbye
Hey, How are you? . What kind of movies do you like?
Hi.  Good.  How about some war movies . I liked USS Indianapolis: Men of Courage
have you seen Saving Private Ryan
I also liked The Green Berets
or Memphis Belle is a classic
Yep, saw Saving Private Ryan it was great.  I also liked Captain Corelli's Mandolin
Black Hawk Down is another classic
I never saw Memphis Belle was that the name of a plane?
I love all those movies. I'm a war film buff . yeah that's the name of the plane . ww2 over europe . bombing germany
B14? . My dad flew in ww2 over germany
I just watched The Americanization of Emily . it's a classic ww2 film about d day . that good for you?
I've heard if that one . Good!  have a good day
hey how are you? . I'm looking for some movies to watch.
Like comedy?  Animation?
I can wtach anything
I can recommend a great war movie Black Hawk Down
as long as it's good! Lol . ok. I've seen it but I liked it
I liked the comedy Lars and the Real Girl
what else? . I haven't seen that
I like Never Let Me Go it's kinda a psych sci fi
I've never seen that. or heard of it . I'll put it on the list
A comedy I really enjoyed was The Other Woman man about a group of gals who were played by the same man and they united to get revenge on him (funny revenege)
I haven't seen that either . I'll check it out
What's your all time favorite?
Fight Club . Well, thank you for all of the recommendations! . You have a great day! Goodbye.
you too bye
How are you doing today? . Can you recommend some movies to watch? . I can watch any genre . as long as the movie is actually and hold my interest
Good.  Sure what kind do you like?  Animation, Ferdinand  was great . Ferdinand was great.  The Shape of Water was great.  Dunkirk was great and I really liked The Witch
I actually haven't seen any of those . you liked them? . my fav is Fight Club
I did!  Surprisingly, I liked Ferdinand and I don't usually care for animated flicks
Well, thank you for all of the recommendations!
I did, I liked Ferdinand and I don't like animated flics
You have a great day! Goodbye.
I haven't seen Fight Club . You have a good day too
check it out . you won't regret it
Hey, How are you? . Can you recommend some movies to watch? . I can watch anything, it doesn't matter the genre
Sure I can.  I liked comedy and I really like horror so I say Children of the Corn and Lars and the Real Girl to start off.
I haven't seen either of them . I like horror flicks
I liked The Hurt Locker and PT 109 too
I loved The Hurt Locker . such a good movie . I haven't seen the other, though
If you like horror I liked Frozen
I'll check that out
What's your favorite
Fight Club would be my favorite
Not caught that one!
Sounds like great recommendations! . you shoould check it out
You are welcome.  Have a good day
Well, thank you for all of the recommendations!
bye
hey, how are you doing today? . I'm looking for some movies to watch. . anything will work . I'm not picky when it comes to genre
How about something old and something new?  Jungle Book and Bambi
I haven't seen the first one . really, I'm open to any suggestions
How about 50 First Dates
I haven't seen that . I'll add that to my list to check out
How about High Noon and Into Thin Air: Death on Everest
at least look at the reviews . Those sound really good . haven't seen either of them
My fav Into Thin Air: Death on Everest
my fav is Fight Club
Haven't seen that one yet
Well, thank you for all of the recommendations! . You have a great day! Goodbye.
You're welcome have a great day!  bye
hey how are you today? . I'm looking for some movies to watch. . not really picky about the type of movie . as long as its good!
Good!  Want to see some horror flicks? I liked The Hatching though the book was better
I love horror flicks
I also liked The Witch and Frozen and the The Amityville Curse and Frankenfish
I haven't seen any of those . they sound like good ones . I'll check out the reviews of all of them
Oh, you have some good watching coming up and try Never Let Me Go . Have a good day now.  Bye
have a good day . bye
hey how are you? . I'm looking for some movies to watch.
Hi I am good how about some sports movies
I can watch any genre . I'm really open about checking out new movies . that'll work
The Blind Side  was good and so was Radio I also liked The Natural and Jerry Maguire
Oh, those sound good . you like them all?
Yep, saw them all and I liked Field of Dreams
I've seen Jerry Maguire but that's the only one . I've seen that. Costner was really good in it . ke baseball . Well, thank you for all of the recommendations!
Yep.  Good movie.  I like baseball too, though mostly the hot dogs!
You have a great day! Goodbye.
hey how are you? . What kind of movies do you like?
Hi, I like climibing movies like Into Thin Air: Death on Everest
Cliffhanger is a classic but I don't know any other ones . can you think of another movie type you like?
I've never seen Cliffhanger but I'll check it out!  I liked Vertical Limit , K2 and The Summit .  Don't know why I'm afraid of heights!  LOL . I've never seen Cliffhanger (1993) but I'll check it out! I liked Vertical Limit (2000) , K2 (1991) and The Summit (2012) . Don't know why I'm afraid of heights! LOL
those sound interesting
I like comedy too
favorite movie is Fight Club
Not seen Fight Club
Half Baked is a classic . very funny. stoner comedy
I've heard of it, but not seen it
check it out
I will!  thanks for the suggestions
well that's all I have . have a nice day
ok thanks again, bye
What kind of movies do you like?
Hi, I'm looking for a good movie to watch tonight. Any suggestions? . I enjoy Adventure movies.
Fight Club is my fav of all time . Adventures in Babysitting is a classic
I have seen that, but I don't remember a lot about it.
but it's kind of a comedy too
I've never seen Adventures in Babysitting . I might enjoy it, though. . It looks like a classic 80's movie.
The Goonies is a classic adventure . funny too
I love The Goonies . I like Sean Astin a lot.
Lego Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Brick is a great classic adventure . Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom is just as good
I've never seen that or Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is a good one then . oh you want to check them out then . well, thats all I've got . have a nice night
Awww, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is a great one. . You too! Have a good one.
how are you doing? . I'm looking for some movies to watch.
hello fine end you?
good thanks . any kind of movies . I'm open to all sorts
Deadpool 2
I heard good things about that
is good
funny . what else?
Black Panther . I've seen it and I liked it a lot
I haven't seen that
Avengers: Infinity War
I've heard good things about that . my parents just saw that one
ok
anything else you can think of? . hello? . ok
Jurassic World
I haven't seen that either . well, thank you for all of the recommendations!
it's very good . bye
You have a great day! Goodbye.
bye
hello
Hi,
How are you?
fine, you
fine . Jurassic World
If I've seen it, it's an excellent movie
The Infinite Man . It is very good movie I recommend it
it's okay, I'll see it
Deadpool 2
Avengers: Infinity War
she is very charismatic . It's a very good movie and I've seen it
Yes, I recommend it for you to see it as a family
Black
Thanks for the recommendations, we'll talk later
see you later bye
bye...
Hello. How are you?
Hi how about a good comedy like Meet the Fockers
Nope. I like scary movies, ones when you don't know who the killer is. . I was thinking something like Scream.
OK.  Fatal Attraction was good, but I think we knew who the killer was
Yes, I did.
Didn't see Scream - I'm thinking!
And I wouldn't call that horror unless you're thinking old school horror.
How about Jack Reacher
Who is this Jack guy you speak of?
Oh, horror.  How about Frozen ? . Jack Reacher is a book character they turned into a movie character.  He's quite intersting.
Does he happen to be a detective?
I liked Never Let Me Go for horror.  But there was a question of anyone getting killed, but you knew the killer.  Yes, Jack Reacher is sort of a detective
I don't think I've ever really watched a mystery.
I just finished The Witch
I'm sort of intrigued.
I also liked Children of the Corn
Haha. Children of the Corn seems like a throwback to me. Weird kids in that one!
Yes, Children of the Corn is an oldie, but also remade in 2009 Children of the Corn I think the 2009 one has the weird kids
I haven't seen the new one yet.
Me either.  Just the trailers.
So did you like Jack Reacher?
Yes, I did like Jack Reacher , I like the books as well though they've gotten very commercial
Too bad on the commercial aspect. But I've settled on Jack Reacher as my choice.
Good.  Go watch your movie and hopefully we'll chat later.  bye
Thanks. Bye.
Hello.
Hi.  Wanna see a war movie like Black Hawk Down
Nope. I want to see an animation. I like The Boxtrolls, but I'm up for suggestions.
OK I really liked Ferdinand and I don't normally watch animated stuff!
Then go back to your childhood! . What's Ferdinand about?
Oh, no, I am selective as an adult for example I loved The Secret Life of Pets !  Ferdinand was a peaceful bull who didn't want to fight and of course in Spain all bulls fight
The Secret Life of Pets sounds more interesting than Ferdinand.
Different vibe!  Both are good.  I also liked Finding Nemo and Shreck
The Boxtrolls was released when I was an adult, of course. I want to see it because it was stop-motion.
I haven't seen The Boxtrolls but I loved The Brave Little Toaster . I hope I gave you some suggestions you'll enjoy!  Have a great day, bye.
I've never heard of the The Brave Little Toaster. I'm guessing it's an indie. And was it inspired by Beauty and the Beast? . That was a joke by the way. . Bye.
How are you doing today?
Hi, I'm up for anything, but I do like climbing movies like Vertical Limit
what kind of movie can I recommend for you?
Really just like a GOOD movie!
Cliffhanger is the only climbing movie I know
I like sci-fi Cocoon
Fight Club is my favorite, if you've ever heard that before . lol . Natural Born Killers is an excellent movie . Inception is an excellent movie
Haven't seen Fight Club  or Natural Born Killers
christopher nolan makes the best movies . check them out
Haven't seen Fight Club (1999) or Natural Born Killers (1994)
well, that's all I have for you . You have a nice night
I haven't seen Inception n either
how are you tonight? . I'm looking for some movies to watch. . can you recommend anything?
I'm good.  A good war movie is Platoon
I'm not picky . ok. I haven't seen that
South Pacific was a war movie musical and I loved it
I haven't heard of that . I'll look at the reviews for it . I like war movies
It's an oldie!  I also liked American Sniper and The Longest Day
seen the first but not the second . Those sound like good recommendations . Those sound like good recommendations
Oh, The Longest Day day was terrific! . Hey, you enjoy them.  Bye
thank you . Have a good night. Goodbye.
how are you tonight? . I'm bored. Looking for something good to watch
Good In the mood for a war movie?  The Hurt Locker
I'm not really picky about movies as long as it's something good . seen it. Loved it
Captain Corelli's Mandolin was a good war movie
haven't even heard of that. I'll look at the reviews
A Very Long Engagement is another war movie favorite of my
I haven't heard of that either . wow, you're really getting me on the war movies
How about Braveheart
I thought I had seen them all. Lol . well yeah, I've seen that . Good job on the suggestions
War movies are a hobby of mine!  War Horse  was good too!
I'll check it out . thanks for the picks . you have a good night
Hey you're welcome!  Bye
Hi, in the mood for a good war movie?  I liked Coming Home
How are you doing today?
good
yeah I love war movies . I haven't seen that
Have you seen The Thin Red Line
I saw that in the theatres with my grandfather . it was good
How about Lone Survivor
what else you got? . I've seen that like 15 times, no joke . ch a good movie . such
Well, there's Private Benjamin  and then at the opposite end of the spectrum Life Is Beautiful
I haven't seen either of those . I heard of the first one though
You gotta see them both!
well, thanks for the suggestions . I appreciate it . you have a good night
Hi, I like almost anything
Hey. Do you like Eddie Murphy?
He's OK.  I like Bill Murray better
Cause I recommend Life for the grownups. . And Dr. Dolittle for the family.
Oh, I haven't seen cause I recommend life and I saw Dr. Dolittle a million years ago . I liked Stripes
I haven't seen that.
There's another one I like something about a guy 'Bob'
If you're in the mood for a revamp of Bill Murray I suggest Happy Death Day for Groundhog Day.
Oh, I haven't seen either of those, but they sound interesting especially Happy Death Day
They probably have few similarities, but you can try.
I didn't much care for St. Vincent
Remember Groundhog Day is Bill Murray. . Why didn't you like St. Vincent?
I don't know, it was kinda dark in some ways
Movies referring to Catholicism usually are. . I don't know why.
You're right! . Thanks for the suggestions.  I will check them out and you have a good evening!  Bye
Peace to you!
hey how are you? . I'm looking for some movies to watch. . Can you recommend some movies . anything will work . I'm not picky about the genre . I mean.... I like war and action movies but I will watch anything that is good . except rom coms . I don't really like those. Lol
Hey. . Anything like The Fast and the Furious?
I've seen the first and tokyo drift . that it . what else do you recommend
What about Forrest Gump or Independence Day: Resurgence?
I seen the first one . but not the second
They're war and action.
I'll check that out . what else do you suggest?
Be sure to watch the Independence Day first. It's better.
That was my first date . well thanks for the suggestions . you have a nice night
Hi, I like horror, but subtle like The Birds
how are you?
I'm good, how about you?
not like It . or Carrie . Oculus was super good . but not very subtle . The Shining is kind of subtle . I love that movie
Haven't seen It  saw Carrie and enjoyed it!  Not seen Oculus   I liked Rosemary's Baby aby a lot
the book was even better . Oculus was fantastic . well that's all I have for suggestions . you have a good night!
The Shining was classic.  And yes, the books for both The Shining and Rosemary's Baby were better than the movies
hello
Hi . What movies do you want me to recommend?
Deadpool 2 . very good movie I recommend it . Recommend me a movie
Well movies like that I recommend The Avengers and X-Men: Apocalypse . Are very very good movies!
and heard about that movie I'll keep it in mind . What other could you recommend me?
If you like those movies then do not miss seeing Black Panther . I know you like them
very good movie already seen the trailer . recommend me one last movie
Batman  is my favorite movie... I hope you liked my recommendations, goodbye
good bye thank you very much
Hiu
Hi, you recommend me a movie
Hi . Well . What movies do you like? . to see where I can help you
Superheros
Well, i recomend Superman Classic sagas, 3 Avengers and Batman  sagas, very very good movies for you
You have already seen me and I like you very much but you can recommend me another
Perfect, recomend my favorite movie, he is a hero although his powers are with magic Harry Potter  . Is perfect movie!!!
very good recommendations that I have not seen it I will keep it in mind
I hope you like my friend, good luck
thank you very much, good day, goodbye
Hello. . What kind of movie are you seeking?
action
May I recommend The Fast and the Furious? . Or how about Avatar?
Sure. . The Fast and the Furious, is better.
Well Avatar really isn't action. Sorry about that.
no problem
Ever heard of Die Hard?
Yes, it's a good movie . What kind of movie are you seeking? you.
Well have you seen Taken? They're similar.
I really do not remember
Ever seen Taken? They're similar.
John Wick . for my part I recommend that
I haven't seen that one.
It's very good, I recommend it . I know you'll like it
Maybe. . Do you like James Bond movies? . I sort of like them.
In fact, I like all the 007 movies
That's good.
Thank you
You've seen everything I know! . But you're welcome.
I'll see the ones you recommended me first
Okay. Have a good day.
how are you doing tonight?
Hi
what kind of movies do you like? . Fight Club is my favorite of all time
fine and you? Well, I really like science fiction movies
Natural Born Killers is a close second . Inception is a really good one . christopher nolan's movies are outstanding
Fight Club Is very very good movie, i liked
Star Trek Generations is a good one . I like patrick stewwart the best out off all the captains
the others I have not seen, I will take it into account
well that's all I have . You have a good night
how are you doing tonight?
Hello how are you? they recommend me a superhero movie . fine
Thor: Ragnarok is a good one . my mum is watching that as we speak . st went over and hooked up netflix
I have already heard about that movie and I'll keep it in mind
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is my favorite . which is strange because my birth middle name is Thor
I also saw it is very good thanks for recommending it
any of the X-Men movies are excellent . I'm a big patrick stewart fan
hehe very well for that
Spider-Man is good
I liked your recommendations very much
Tobey Macguire is really good in it . well thank you . that;s all I have . you have a good night
thank you for the recommendations you make to good day
Hi . How are you
good how are you? . got any movies to recommend?
Yes what movies are you into?
doesn't matter what genre . doesn't matter what genre
Well my favorite action movie is The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift
doesn't matter what genre
Also San Andreas with Dwayne Johnson and Inception with Leonardo . Di Caprio . Have you seen Black Panther ?
you can recommend anything and I'll look at the reviews for it
I gave you four ! Hope they are what you like ! . I seen them they are all awesome !
I've seen it. Probably my favorite out of the bunch . I've seen it. Probably my favorite out of the bunch
Great!
I've seen it. Probably my favorite out of the bunch
Well nice chatting bye!
I've seen it. Probably my favorite out of the bunch
hey how are you?
I'm good.  What are you in the mood for?
I'm looking for some movies to watch . any genre it doesn't amtter . matter
Toy Story is good.
ok. I haven't seen that
The Princess Bride is good
I saw that a long time ago . it was good though . what else do you recommend?
Frozen is another princess movie as is Cinderella
I haven't seen either one . thanks for the suggestions . have a good day
How about Snow White
how are you today?
Hi,  I liked  The Purge can you recommend something similar?
what kind of movies do you like? . my favorite is Fight Club . not really . Natural Born Killers was super good . I think you's like it
I  haven't seen it.  How about a war movie then?  Maybe like Black Hawk Down
Enemy at the Gates is really good . snipers during the battle of stalingrad
I believe I saw Enemy at the Gates and liked it!
I don't know. that's all I really have . you have a nice day
I liked USS Indianapolis: Men of Courage too . Hey you too and thanks . Hey you too and thanks
Hi. What kind of movies do you like?
Hi!! Can you recommend me some movie?? I like movies like The Purge
Have you seen Hereditary yet?
Yes!! I've seen that movie is pretty good, do you have another recommendation?
You might like The Hitcher . Or the classics, like The Texas Chain Saw Massacre
I didn't see those movies I think I'm going to give it a chance
You might also want to check out The Blair Witch Project . and The Babadook
The Blair Witch Project is another movie that I didn't see but I saw the trailer is pretty good . Thanks for the recommendation I think I have a lot of movies to see
Yes, you do! Bye
Bye have a nice day!!
Hi
Hi!! Can you recommend me some movie?? I like movies like Seven
Sure, actually The Dark Knight Rises is pretty similar villain-wise. Zodiac and Twisted are the same detective-like stories. . I'd also recommend Shutter Island
I've seen Zodiac and The Dark Knight Rises  these movies are pretty good, and I saw the trailer of Twisted and I think is a good one . I didn't see anything abou Shutter Island I think I'm going to give it a chance
Cool. Have a good one.
Hi.Have a good day?
Hi!! Can you recommend me some movie?? I like movies like The Purge
Breaking In might interest you. . And Panic Room . A Quiet Place is suspenseful without being gory
I've already seen Panic Room is a good one and I saw the trailer of Breaking In I want to see it . I don't know anything abou A Quiet Place but I'm going to give it a chance . Thanks for the recommendation I have a lot of movies to see now
YW have a good night
Bye
Hi!!
Hi. . I'm looking for some fun movies for a girls night . Something like Ocean's 8 . I'm really looking forward to seeing that
Well my favorite is White Chicks That's pretty funny
I haven't seen that. The Wayans are a little too dumb for me . Pitch Perfect is one of my favoites
Did you see Now You See Me?? That's a good one
I loved that one . Con movies are so much fun. Have you seen The Sting
Well Bring It On Is a movie like Pitch Perfect . Yes, The Sting is pretty good too
Thanks for these ideas. They help a lot. See you
Bye have a nice day!!
Hi!! Can you recommend me some movie?? I like movies like The Purge (2013)
Hello. . I see you like thrillers! . What about A Perfect Getaway or Orphan? . There's less slashing in these. . But I like them.
I've already seen A Perfect Getaway I liked that movie but I don't know anything about Orphan I think I'm going to give it a chance
It's about a little girl who gets adopted by a family of four. . When she comes the family's life turns upside down.
Sounds great!! Do you know another movie like The Purge??
They have to figure out who she really is. . Massive slasher films? Perhaps you might like the old Friday the 13th movies or maybe Children of the Corn. . That's all I can think of right now that are similar.
I love Friday the 13th and I'm going to see Children of the Corn . Thanks for the recommendation!! . Bye, have a nice day!!
You're certainly welcome. Bye.
hello
Recommend me a movie of heroes
Avengers: Infinity War . I recommend it is very good and seen with my relatives
when it premieres?
Can you find a song that recommends another movie?
yes
Spider . It is very good movie I liked it
It's very good but I saw it before
Batman Revealed . is good movie
thank you for your recommendation I will see it as soon as possible
it was nice to recommend you movies chao . bye
good bye
Spies
hello
they recommend me a superhero movie
Deadpool 2 . is the good movie
It's a very good movie and I've seen the trailer . What other would you recommend?
I'm glad . Hulk
I always liked that movie thank you for recommending it to me
but I think you also like this one
keep recommending me
Spider-Man . Hancock  It is also good
the movie is old but I feel it is one of the best . good thanks for the recommendation see you later . good bye
bye
hello . What movie do you want me to recommend?
Recommend me a movie of heroes
Superman: Unbound . It is very good movie I liked it a lot
good, is it the best, something more?
The Infinite Man
I saw a trailer, I think it's interesting
This has been one of the best brands of the time it came out . Superman vs. The Elite
anything else?
Spiders 3D is good movie
thanks, I'll see an advance of that . good bye
you do not spend a good day until then . bye
Hello
hi
What gender do you look for to help you?
I need you to recommend something that has to do with heroes
Avengers: Infinity War . has been the best for me in movies of this genre
it's new, I saw a trailer it looks interesting . anything else?
Batman Revealed . is good movie
something old but it is one of the best
yess . Deadpool 2 . This is a new and very good I recommend it
that's funny . something else, just one more?
Jurassic World . this movie is very good
wow, I never thought you would recommend me that, it's my favorite
good was a pleasure to recommend movies that you spend a good day until then . bye
thanks for everything and goodbye
hello . What gender do you look for?
super heroes without a doubt
Avengers: Infinity War . some of the best in cinema
It's very good, but since I saw it I want something different
Deadpool 2 . a somewhat charismatic movie
I saw a trailer that's very funny
Batman Revealed
is good
This is very recommended for you
just one more please
Spider . Even with your departure time it is very good
something old but very good, thanks for everything, goodbye
bye
Hi
Hi, what do you want me to recommend?
I recently saw Spotlight  and The Post You know anything similar?
there is more to see that they are super heroes, very good
Frost/Nixon  and All the President's Men comes to mind. Political films
Deadpool . Deadpool 2 . i love dead pool . Spider-Man
Ok. Thanks for your help.
something old but good . good bye
Hey how are you?
Great. What kind of movies do you like?
I like movies like The Sixth Sense and The Village do you have any suggestions?
Did you see Get Out . It's kind of eery
I did! I loved that one! I also liked Signs - I really like movies with a surprise ending
The Shape of Water also comes to mind
I haven't seen that one! But I would like to! Thanks for the suggestion- have a great night!
thanks you too
Hello.
Hey. How are you?
Fine. . can you recommend a movie . ?
Incredibles 2 comes out tomorrow . We can't wait to see it. The first one was hilarious
Yes, I'm considering going to see her . Yes, many years waiting
Solo: A Star Wars Story is still out too. My sons liked it a lot
a my in particular I did not like . a my in particular I did not like . Wtf . Bugg
Ocean's 8  is also supposed to be good. . Hope you fine something you like. Good night
yo like me Black Panther
how are you tonight? . we got tornados not far from here tonight
Great, thanks! And you? . Oh man! That's scary!
Fight Club I recommend it. lol. . Natural Born Killers I recommend too
I love that movie! That's one of my favorites
sorry but those two movies rock . what are you looking for tonight?
They really do! I agree
Debbie Does Dallas ?
I like both of those- anything else like that, or maybe like Gone Girl
I recommend that too . lol
hahaha, Debbie Does Dallas
Inception is also a great movie
Lol Debbie Does Dallas . I still haven't seen Inception
I know, i didn't know it'd be on there . check it out
Maybe I'll check it out, lol! Thanks- have a good night!
one of Leo's best movies . yupper good night
Debbie Does Dallas I recommend it . lol . how are you tonight?
hi
but really my fav is Fight Club . and Natural Born Killers
all good
what kind of movies are you looking for?
those are good movies
Inception is a super good movie
I recommend these
The Dark Knight is my favorite batman
John Wick
hey thats good . anyways, that's all I have
batman
You have a good night
how are you tonight? . Debbie Does Dallas I highly recommend!
I'm good thanks.
no but really Fight Club is my favorite
That's not my style.
Natural Born Killers is a close second . Inception  is third
Don't you want to know what kind of movies I like?
The Dark Knight is my favorite from the batman . sure . I'm just throwing good movies out there
It's fine. Have a good night
yeah you too . sure. you too
how are you tonight? . I'm looking for something to watch . any genre works
hi how is this I recommend this movies
you do
Iron Man
do you know how to? . that sounds good . keep going
Maze Runner
I just made someone mad for suggesting Debbie Does Dallas
this is also tremendous triligia . 13th
I haven't seen any of those . or that
another good movie . Well I recommend you are good film
well that works for me . thanks. you have a good night . take care
how are you tonight . before you tell what kind of movies you like I just have to say . Fight Club
Great, thanks!
best movie ever . what kind of movies do you like?
What about Kill Bill: Volume 1 . or something similar?
Kill Bill: Volume 2
Touche. I liked the Grindhouse movies too
From Dusk till Dawn . From Dusk till Dawn
That's a good one! Thanks for the suggestions! . Have a good night!
Hey what kind of movies do you like?
Hello. . I don't mind what genre you recommend. But I do like comedies and horror. . Nothing too raunchy or little substance though.
Do you like Stephen King movies? What about Pet Sematary or Carrie ? . those are two of my favorites . I also really like Annabelle if you're looking for something more modern
I've seen them both, but they don't  make me shiver. They're okay for what they are. . Well Annabelle is recent but it's set in the past. I get your point though.
right. I like the stories of the Warrens. The Amityville Horror was creepy, but the book was even better!
Are Pet Sematary and Carrie from Stephen King?
they are
Got any more from him or Wes Kraven?
The original The Hills Have Eyes is a good Wes Craven one. . It was actually really good, too.
I think I'll go with It. If you led me wrong I can always laugh at it, hopefully.
lol, I think it may have been better than the original
It is about a clown after all!
haha! . Well, have a good night- thanks for the chat! You helped me remember some good movies!
You're welcome! Good night.
Hi
how are you
Fine and you?
I'm looking for some movies . any genre is good . I'm great
Which movie is your favorite?
looking for good movies
Which movie is your favorite?
Fight Club . definetely my favorite . Natural Born Killers is a close second
Well there's a lot of movie like Fight Club, there's Choke, The Machinist and Bringing Out the Dead this is my favorite
oh yeah those sound good . I'm gonna have to look at the reviews
You should see these movies
I like christian bale . well thanks for the suggestions
You're welcome . Bye
yeah. goodnight
how are you tonight? . what kind of movies do you like? . I have to say Fight Club is my favorite
That;s a good one . anything else similar to that&gt; . ?
oh ok
FIghting and mayhem is good for a movie night
Natural Born Killers . GREAT movie
Good one. I've seen that a few times, and it's always good
Raising Arizona hilarious!
what about The Way of the Gun
hey, good one
Ha! Raising Arizona is so funny!
it was . alright well you have a good night!
Thanks you too!
Hey do you like Fight Club ?
Yes!! Can you recommend me a movie like  Fight Club?
Nice! Have you seen Memento ? That's a really good one . Or Snatch is awesome
I didn't see Memento but Snatch is pretty good!!
That's one of my favorites. I also like Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels . have you seen that one?
No, I haven't yet but I saw the trailer I'm going to give it a chance
You really should! Check out Memento too, if you get a chance!
Yes, I'll . Thanks for the recommendation!!
nice! Welcome! Have a good one!
Bye
Hey.
Hi!! Can you recommend me some movie?? I like movies like The Purge
Go with Resident Evil. . It's set in a fictional world, too. . It's a fictional underground world.
I saw that movie, It's good you have another one?
Pet Sematary? . Things die then come back alive.
I didn't see that movie I think I'm going to give it a chance
Or Taken. You can add that to your list. . It's more action and thriller.
Oh I love Taken is pretty good!!
So you like the Pet Sematary idea?
Yes, I'm going to see that movie
Want any more recommendations?
Thanks for the recommendation!! . No, I have already a long list of movies to see hahah . Thanks!!
You are welcome. Bye.
Bye
Hi!! Can you recommend me some movie?? I like movies like The Purge
how are you tonight? . Natural Born Killers . thats one you'll like
Fine and you?
Fight Club . those are my two favs of all time . lets see..... . I'm great! . Debbie Does Dallas
I saw that Natural Born Killers and Fight Club already these movies are pretty good!! Do you have another one?
just joking! . Den of Thieves and The Town . those are two great movies . man that's like all I have for you . you have a great evening
I didn't see those movies, I think I'm going to give it a chance . Thanks for the recommendation!!
sorry I couldn't be more help
how are you tonight? . what kind of movies do you like?
Hi!! Can you recommend me some movie?? I like movies like The Purge
we'll have to be patient with each other, the chat can be buggy . Fight Club . From Dusk till Dawn . I love that one because I love juliette lewis . Natural Born Killers . That's one I hold close to my heart . here we go
I already saw Fight Club I love that movie
yeah it's an excellent movie
I didn't see Natural Born Killers I think I'm going to give it a chance
The Town . that's one of my favs . 's heist movie
That movie is awesome!!
you won't regret it . you won't regret it . ve a good evening
Thanks for the recommendation!!
enjoy whatever you watch!
how are you tonight? . what kind of movies do you like?
Hi!! Can you recommend me some movie?? I like movies like The Purge? . Fine and you?
oh geez . you mean like Fight Club . or Natural Born Killers . lol . deja vu . there's always Inception . that's an excellent movie
Those movies are great hahah
The Dark Knight is my fav out of that trilogy
Well I think I'm going to add Inception to my list of movies
Apocalypse Now is an awesome movie
I saw The Dark Knight already It's a good movie
you should check that out if you haven't seen it . martin sheen when he was really young . it's fricking awesome
I haven't seen Apocalypse Now I think I'm going to give it a chance too
fyi, I restart my browser after every chat and I don't have any problems then
Thanks for the recommendation!!
yeah give it a shot . alright . till next time . goodbye
Bye
how are you tonight?
Hey, fine and you?
what kind of movies do you like? . oh I'm great
I like movies like White Chicks
let me recommend Apocalypse Now . it's a great older movie . ut you like comedies . I'm taking it . well how about Half Baked . Pineapple Express is another hilarious one . Trainspotting is a little darker but still a really good movie . Snatch is freaking hilarious too, but in a smart funny sort of way
I didn't see Half Baked but Pineapple Express is a good one . I saw Snatch too
well thats all I have to suggest . you have a good night
Well I'm going to see Trainspotting . Thanks . Bye
hello . how are you . do you need my help
hi, i am good. i was wondering if you could help suggest some good movies for me ? . i love movies
what tipe of movies do you like watch
i like so many genres, i guess horror and thriller are my favorite
ok good
Can you suggest a good scary movie?
It . It . is very horror thas movie . or The Boy . what you think about Mama . hello . still here
I have not seen that movie but i heard it was very scary
Never Say Die . Never Say Die
Have you seen the original It  from 1990
or Ouija . yes it is very good
i definitely thought Mama was so creepy, gave me nightmares..lol..but i liked it
yes thanks . do you have a great day
What about any classic horror movies such as Friday the 13th
is good thas movie i watch every day . ok thanks my love you are a love . have a great day . good bye
The one that really got to me as a teen was A Nightmare on Elm Street
you want goin speak about movies
i am a huge movie fan. i love all types of movies. Do you ?
of  action
Action movies are cool, could you suggest any ?
how Avengers: Infinity War
I have not seen that one. What about the classic action flicks such as Die Hard ?
I would like to stay but I have to leave thanks or the movies . good bye
Or Die Hard with a Vengeance . Ok thank you . goodbye
hello . can you help me please
Hi, how are you . yes i can
i need a movie for wath  with my kids
So a family movie is what you are looking for ?
yes
i just recently watched Coco  with my kids, they loved it. . it is an animated movie but it has a really good plot and storyline and is really emotional at the end.
yes is very good i watch thas movie every day
I also like several classics such as Home Alone  and the sequels . Do you prefer more current family films?
yes more lease . please . sorry
The movie Wonder was amazing
I would like a movie like The Incredibles . yes good thas movie
We also read the book based off of that movie Wonder . The Incredibles  was so good . What about The Boss Baby , i laughed so hard at that little kid
you did a lot for me today I will not be able to thank you for the truth thanks . good bye
Talking about all these great movies has got me wanting to go inside now and watch some. thank you. glad i could help . goodbye
hello
Recommend me a movie
What movie genre are you looking for? . Avengers: Infinity War
which you want
it's very buyena movie I recommend it one of the best in cinema
good re eat me more movies
Deadpool 2 . This has been one of the most liked I would recommend it very funny
other options such as terror and action
Beware the Slenderman . It is one of the best to recommend
that is good .. and that another good movie d action
Black
you like how good that movie is
good was a pleasure to share my recommendations with you have a good day see you later . good bye
thank you for your recommendation see you later
hello
hello
what gender do you look for
thank you for your recommendation see you later . I want a marvel movie
wait let me recomedarte something good . good . Avengers: Infinity War . one of the best that was released this year
that movie he deals with
very good superhero movie . Deadpool 2 . very good movie and fun
I'm going to see her soon and what comedy movie do you recommend?
RBG . Spider-Man: Homecoming . these are very good movies for you . It was a pleasure to share my recommendations with you until then . good bye
I've heard that elicula m dien is good .. give me another occion comedy movie
Black . good bye man
I've heard that elicula m dien is good .. give me another occion comedy movie . then chao
hello
hello
Recommend me any movie you want
Deadpool 2
It is a very good movie, it amuses me . recommend me another
Jurassic World
very good movie I was delighted thank you for recommending me
that movie that I'm recommending is very good you have to see it . Batman Revealed
it's one of the best you're also good at recommending
Spider-Man: Homecoming
thanks for your recommendations you are good recommending that you have a good day . good bye
bye
hello . how are you
Hi, I'd like to see something like Toy Story That Time Forgot
good fine . Finding Dory . or The Incredibles
Oh, Finding Dory and The Incredibles were great!  I liked The Secret Life of Pets too!
thas movies are very good
Have you seen Ferdinand
or The Boss Baby
I haven't seen The Boss Baby
movies for kisds is good . thanks
Thanks for those great suggestions.  Have a great day . Bye
good bye
Hi!! Can you recommend me some movies? I like movies like Seven
Hi.  I've got my thinking cap on and I think maybe you would like Fatal Attraction
I saw that movie already, It's pretty good you have another one?
How about The Silence of the Lambs and Zodiac
I didn't see those movies, I think I'm going to give it a chance!! . Thanks for the recommendation!!
You might like Edge of Darkness too . You might like Edge of Darkness too . You might like Edge of Darkness too . You're welcome,  have a good day, bye
I'll see that one too, thanks . Bye
Hi
hello . how are you
Fine and you?
i need a movie for wath whit my kids
What kind of movies do you like? . Well Coco and Moana are two good options for your kids
movies like Finding Dory
Frozen Too
yes coco is very fine . yeah is very good . other please
Inside Out Is pretty good!!
Incredibles 2 do you go to watch
Omg I really want to see that movie!!
ok thanks for all have a great day . you are a love thanks
Bye have a nice day
good bye
Hi
Hi!  I loved What About Bob%3F Looking for something like that now
Well there's a lot of movies like that one is Trading Places, The Man Who Knew Too Much and Stripes is pretty good too!!
Ive not seen Trading Places but I saw the other two!  They were great. . I really liked Lars and the Real Girl too!
Well you should see Trading Places that movie is awesome!! . Yeah!! That movie is great, one of my favorites
I'm going to watch Trading Places for sure
Enjoy that movie!! . Bye have a nice day
I will and thanks for the suggestions you have a good day.  bye
Hi
hi . how are you . i need a movie of horror
Fine and you?
fine fine . can you help me
Well there's a lot to see . Did you see Ring??
yes i dead with thas movie . need more please like The Boy . wow
Friday the 13th and Halloween are pretty good too
not see it but i go watch thas movies thanks . have a great day thanks
You're welcome bye
good bye
Hi
Hi, I'm in the mood for something like Ferdinand and The Secret Life of Pets
Well there's a lot of movies like The Nut Job and Maya the Bee . Toy Story is pretty good too!!
Oh, I haven't seen either of those, but I'm putting them on my list.   Toy Story was great!
You should watch those movies
I will.  Are they your personal favorites?
Yes Toy Story is my favorite!!
OK then!  Well thank you very much.  have a good day.  bye
Have a good day, bye
hello . how are you
Hi!! Can you recommend me some movies? I like movies like The Purge . Fine and you?
yes do you watch Avengers: Infinity War
No, I haven't yet but I don't think that movie is like The Purge
o sorry sorry
Do you have another recommendation?
yes yes . The Purge: Election Year . thas movie is very good
Oh I saw that movie is pretty good is the last movie I think
do you watch movies like Jigsaw
I haven't seen that movie I'm going to give it a chance . Thanks for the recommendation!! . Have a nice day, bye
your welcom . good bye
hello . how are you . do you need my help
Hi!! Can you recommend me some movies? I like movies like The Purge . Fine and you?
yes do you watch The Purge: Anarchy or The Purge: Election Year . movies of quality . you watch movies of action
Yes, I saw all the saga of The Purge . Do you have another one?
yes It is of horror but i very good thase movie . or Jigsaw
I haven't seen those movies I'm going to give it a chance . Thanks for the recommendation!!
good . you are a love . thanks . good bye
Bye, have a nice day
hello . how are you
Hi!! Can you recommend me some movies? I like movies like Seven . Fine and you?
yes do you watch movies of horror . or action or humor . hello
I like horror
It is very fine . or Jigsaw
I saw those movies already do you have another one?
movies of quality . The Purge . ¿¿
I haven't seen that movie I'm going to give it a chance . Thanks!!
thanks . have a great day
Bye
good bye
hello
Hi
can you help me . i need a movie for watch with my kids like Finding Dory or Finding Nemo . of aventure
Coco is a good one . Moana too
my kids watch thas movie every day
Inside Out is pretty good!!
yes thas movies is fine . you have other¿ . please
Frozen is a great movie too!!
have a great day thanks
Bye
you are lovely . bye . good bye
hello
Hi!! Can you recommend me some movies? I like movies like Ring
yes like It . or Jigsaw
I saw those movies do you have another one?
ye i have very like Mama
I haven't seen that movie yet I'm going to give it a chance . Thanks!! . Have a nice day, bye
or The Boy  . your welcom . good bye
hi
Hi!! Can you recommend me some movies? I like movies like The Purge
yes like Jigsaw . is a good movie . or The Purge: Election Year . is actuality
I saw those movies do you have another one?
yes like Scream 4 . is very good thas movie
I haven't seen that movie I'm going to give it a chance . Thanks!!
or It . ok . thanks . good bye
Have a nice day, bye
bye
Hi!! Can you recommend me some movies? I like movies like White Chicks
well I can recommend you Deadpool
I saw that movie do you have another one?
I'm not very fond of those movies but I recommend this action The Fate of the Furious
I don't know what is that movie . You mean Fast & Furious??
if I understand you, but I can recommend this to Wonder Woman . yes
Ok, I'm going to see that movie . Thanks . Bye have a nice day
bye
Hello . How are you today . can you help me please
hi
i need a movie for watch with family . like Finding Nemo . or other please
is good . Finding Dory
yes i watch thas movie everyday . other please
Deadpool  and Deadpool 2  is good movie
yes deadpool i very nice . thanks for all
good bye
have a great day . good bye
hello
hello . please recommend me an action movie
good i can recommend Deadpool
That's very good but I've already seen it, can you please recommend another?
I can also recommend you Jhoom Barabar Jhoom
That seems very good, could you recommend another please?
I will recommend Saw
That movie is very good, recommend me another please?
this movie that will recommend you is very good too Exam
that movie is very good movies, thank you very much for the recommendations but I have to go, see you later goodbye
Ok, bro, it was a pleasure
hello brother
hola . hello
recommend me a superhero movie
Deadpool 2  is good
I've seen a trailer and I think it's interesting . but would you recommend another?
this is also good Spider
hahaha that's very old .. I saw it ... . recommend me a new movie
is the best but good, try this The Avengers
that if I'm interested .. everyone talks about that premiere
This is the last one that I can tell you, I have to go Hulk
to ok .. thank you very much for the recommendations
goodbye, it was a pleasure
hello my friends
hi
What horror movie do you recommend?
This is good, although something good The Exorcist
hahahaha that I saw ... it is very old and I did not like it very much . hahahaha that I saw ... it is very old and I did not like it very much . hahahaha that I saw ... it is very old and I did not like it very much . better recommend me another new friend
this The Conjuring 2
haa ok ... that if I'm interested .. all my friends saw it and they tell me it's the maximum . I'll look for her this weekend
It try this one too
well, that movie is that of the diabolic clown .. I also want to see it
The Conjuring this one of the spell is also good
ok .. I will search for these movies .. thanks for the recommendations friend
good bye
good bye
hello bro
hi can you recommend a comedy movie please?
well I can recommend you Turtle: The Incredible Journey
I like that, can you recommend another movie please?
well I can also recommend you Ride
I like that is incredible, can you recommend another movie please?
my favorite movie is this and I recommend it bro Hope
is seen a trailer of that movie and I think it's very good, can you recommend me another?
I can recommend you W.E.
very good those movies, thanks for the recommendations friend, I have to go, see you later goodbye
nothing bro, see you later
hello brother
hello friend, what movie do you recommend?
I love this American Pie
hahahaha that movie is very funny .. but I want a movie action, what do you recommend?
I understand, maybe you like it Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
ok .. that interests me because I like the protagonist . he is the best actor
or maybe Rambo
that movie is also amazing .. stalone is unbearable
I agree
Recommend me one more .. but of romance
I like this Mamma Mia! . it was a pleasure . good bye
ok .. that movie is almost an opera ... . well .. thanks for the recommendations . bye
hi
Hello how are you, can you recommend a movie?
The Conjuring well I like it a lot
I did not see it but I saw the trailer and it seemed very good, do you recommend another bro?
or I can also recommend this Saw
that movie is also good, recommend me another bro?
if you want to see another one it can also be It
how good is that good, please recommend another
and another very good one would be The Last Exorcism
thanks for recommending all those bro movies, but I have to go, see you later
ok friend of nothing, see you later goodbye
hello brother
hello brother
I need a child movie, to see it as a family
ok.. te recomiendo Toy Story
thanks for that it's fun but I saw it
Okay ... I recommend you Toy Story . That's very funny ... I also recommend you Peter Pan . That's very funny ... I also recommend you Peter Pan
e seen trailers it looks interesting
another very comical and sentimental is Up
ok, I'll also see it, but maybe another
I'm crazy waiting for the premiere of Incredibles 2
I also the trailers look interesting
I recommend it .. Sure it will be better than the previous
thanks for everything . good bye
ok, bye
hi
Hi!! Can you recommend me some movies? I like movies like Thor
How are you bro? I recommend this Toss
I saw that one I don't like that movie you have another one?
yes bro i can also recommend this Elf
I haven't seen that movie sounds like The Lord of the Rings  to me
if bro and tell me what else can I help you...
I'm going to see that movie . Thanks for the recommendation . Have a nice day, bye
how are you tonight? . what kind of movies do you like?
Hi!! Can you recommend me some movies? I like movies like The Purge . Fine and you?
oh man, I'm excellente . ok let me see . Training Day is damn good . most people have seen that though . oh, and it has ethan hawke in it . I wasn't even thinking of that
I saw that movie already do you have another one?
Den of Thieves is excellent . 50 cent kills it
I haven't seen that movie yet I'm going to give it a chance
give me a sec here. I trying to think of something different
You have another one?
Jason Bourne the one with jeremy renner is a little different . I like him . I was thinking of The Town . but yeah, that's about all I have
I'm going to see those movies too . Thanks for the recommendation!! . Have a nice day, bye
no prob. have a good night
how ya doing? . what kind of movies do you like?
Hi!! Can you recommend me some movies? I like movies like Pitch Perfect
I haven't seen that. what kind of genre is that?
Musical and comedy
um ok . let me think . Cat on a Hot Tin Roof . I'm kind of joking there . Animal House is a good comedie
That's an old movie tho
I don't know any musical comedies
Then recommend me any movie
yeah it has barbara striesand in it
Your fav
Fight Club is my fav of all time . Half Baked is funny . but thats all I have really . sorry I couldn't be more help
Fight Club  is pretty good, I think I'm going to see Half Baked . Thanks for the recommendation!!
oh yeah check it out . chapelle is in it
Good Night
its hilarious . you have a good night
how are you? . what kind of movies do you like?
Hi!! Can you recommend me some movies? I like movies like The Purge
you have to use something other than the purge
Well then like Avenger...
its like the 10th time fo rthe purge. not tring to be a dick or anything . ok well I like X-Men Origins: Wolverine . that's my fav comic book movie . Batman the ones with michael keaton . all of them are pretty good . and tim burton directs them . he did The Nightmare Before Christmas . he's really a unique character . and he's married to helena bonham carter. the chick from Fight Club
I haven't seen The Nightmare Before Christmas I'm going to give it a chance
so, yeah thats about all I have . you have a good night
Thanks . Bye
It's good. different
hi
Hey there!! . I like movies like Resident Evil Can you recommend me one like that?
I can recommend this movie very good The President
I saw that movie It's pretty good . Can you recommend me another movie?
If not, I can also recommend you this Cars
I don't think that movie is like Resident Evil... . Or something like Taken
if so, but I can recommend this one that is also very good Saw
I haven't seen that movie I'm going to give it  a chance . Thanks . Have a nice day
see you later I have to go
hello . what gender do you look for
Hi . I like action movies
Deadpool 2 . It is very good and fun
Woow is good
Avengers: Infinity War . one of the best
i seen, is perfect movie
Batman Revealed ç . a movie full of bats
Batman is my favorite movie, do you recommend an old one?
Jurassic World . is good
Thank you very much for your recommendations, friend, have a nice day
It was a pleasure to have you recommended these movies that you have a good day until then . god bye
HELLO . how are you?
Hello, fine and you?
fine . beautiful . Avengers: Infinity War . is good movie
Yes is very good
Deadpool 2
Other?
Venmegam . is good i love . Ralph Breaks the Internet . I recommend it is very good
Thank you very much for your recommendations friend . I seen . But is good . Thanks you11
bye
Hello . how are you?
Hello, fine and you?
fine
I love drama films . what do you recommend ?
Fifty Shades Darker . Every Day . is good
Woow, very good movies
Six Reasons Why
I love that movie friend . Other?
Dance Star . good bye . I hope you liked this recommendation until later
I really like that name, I'll see that movie without a doubt, thank you very much my friend
hi
hi
Fine and you?
fine
Heyyyyyyy
recommend me a gay movie
What movies would you like to see? . Sure. Maurice is very good gay film
what a rich movie . i like
Jongens Is good
you are good recommending gay movies
Of course, I like them as well as you
keep me recommending cute
Get Real and Big Eden They are a bit old but I know you will love it . I hope you liked my recommendations friend
They are so hot your recommendations I love them
Bye
how are you today? . what kind of movies do you like? . or I could just recommend a couple of movies
action movies
Fight Club thats my fav . The Town . a great heist movie . Den of Thieves
Fast 8
I just saw that. I was really happy with it . Natural Born Killers is a classic
All Right
I think you'd really like that
It's good movie
that's all I have . you have a nice day
same
hello . how are you . I would like to show you some good movies
fine, what about you
fine . Avengers: Infinity War . is good movie
a very good movie appears
Deadpool 2 . very funny
It is one of my favorite movies
Blackhat
you have very good taste for the movies
They are very good movies highly recommended . Jurassic World
I have to see what I think
Have a nice day and it was a pleasure to have you recommended these movies until later . good bye
how are you today? . what kind of movies do you like?
Hi, fine and you? . I like drama movies
I'm good . The Godfather is drama . with a little bit of crime in it . give me a sec, I have to think
Is very good movie
I don't know a lot of drama movies . The Deer Hunter won an oscar even though it was low budget
I liked . I LOVE TWO MOVIES . Would you recommend a new one?
The Secret Life of Pets . lol . I'm not sure . Natural Born Killers has some drama elements in it . that all I got . i can't really help you any more than that . you have a good day
I will follow your proposals in the last 2 movies you mentioned, thank you very much for your help
hi
Hi.
How can I help you today?
I would like to recommend a fantasy movie
Well, the perfect movie is Harry Potter
I have seen it, they are very good . you have another recommendation
Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within , The Hobbit  and The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King . Are my favorite movies
we share the same taste
I really love those movies, you'll be happy if you see them . you should also see  Batman
Thanks for your recommendations, I'll see you, you a good day bye
I hope I have helped you friend, bye
hello
Hi.
how are you . I am very good recommending a good movie
I am fine, how are you?
fine . Avengers: Infinity War . is good movie
I saw it, it's very good
Deadpool 2 . is very funny
I know
Six Reasons Why
Did you go see the Incredibles 2  yesterday?
yes
Six Reasons is good . how did you see it
Jurassic World
Jurassic World is a classic
very recomend
Thank you
Batman Revealed
thanks for your recommendations, of a good day
It was a pleasure to share movies with you that have a good day . good bye
also, goodbye